ʎX∀˥∀פƎhʇ
Scale
Dimensions
every traversable and non traversable dimension
Size
≥
The Subfinal Verse
Kardashev Scale
ALL FRACTION(-0.9998736)
Location
Contains
A hole to
The Subfinal Verse
, great hands, dist, and dead finals
ʎX∀˥∀פƎhʇ can be entered through a hole. In hospitality, it can be likened to the torture realm, or as you may know it, hell. Everything here is wrong, but with the aid of my documenter, I'll explain it to the best of my abilities.
s'ʎX∀˥∀פƎhʇ size cannot be measured accurately, but its lower bound is the size of
The Subfinal Verse
. light in  ʎX∀˥∀פƎhʇ travels instantaneously, and every direction in any dimension leads back to it, even moving away. at its center, there is a hole of one way travel from The Subfinal Verse to here but not back. Information is impossible for us to send back to the other side, and trying to escape is futile, as any direction we move leads us back to ʎX∀˥∀פƎhʇ
ʎX∀˥∀פƎhʇ has a coloration of self luminous red and has many points of darkness in it that look stygian blue. These points are the size of
The Final Finals
and are  completely surrounded in enormus cold spots. they mimic the structure of The Final Finals, but, much like
carbites
, they lack any verses and are composed entirely of connected
blueprint partices
, making them very dense and strong, and it also makes it act like an enormus primordium particle. The cold spots that these spots of darkness are composed of are much more cold than normal cold spots, suggesting that they have existed for ω
ω
ε
0
+5.4*10^14 more
OYC
than our The Final Final has existed.
The points of darkness are called "dead finals". they eject about 1 blueprint particle per ω
ω
OYC
, making them very stable. They are attracted to the grasps of great hands and plonets. plonets are hyperspheroids approximately 7,000,000,000,000 kilometers in radius that seem to act as inwards facing magnetic monopoles but with a different force that attracts dead finals. If there's any native life in ʎX∀˥∀פƎhʇ, it's on plonets, as everything else here is incredibly inhospitible to any form of it. Plonets can be detected based on their influence on the surrounding dead finals, but sometimes their influence causes two dead finals to collide, creating a great hand.
Great hands are created when two or more dead finals collide. The dead finals skid across each other until n-1/n (n= the number of dead finals) of each is destroyed and the remaining mass subsequently explodes into between 5 and 10 pieces. The trail they make then begins to become material and begins attracting dead finals, and when one or more comes into their grasp, they close their hand and crush it into a plonet. This happens very rarely and somehow, the population of dead finals does not seem to go down because of this.
Dist is the part of ʎX∀˥∀פƎhʇ that gives it its color. Dist's stationary color is bright red, and when it heats up, that color doesn't go away. Dist is gaslike and moves at incredible speeds around the center of ʎX∀˥∀פƎhʇ making a full orbit about 11 times every solar year. This heats it up to very high temperatures, turning it into a color that is white+bright red, which is self luminous red. This rotational speed is enough to reduce many spaceships to dust unless they are built with extreme impact cancellation in mind. The energy from this process is nearly if not impossible to harvest but will certainly grant you The Absolute Controller status if done so.