Ꭵs element the biggest exist
is a mythical land that is
almost
Jayeksville
, but also not Jayeksville because it isn't Jayeksville and it has only been Jayeksville about 7 times.
vejou took so long on finishing the page that he decided to not finish the original idea and instead write about how he took so long to finish the idea
but now he probably isnt gonna do that because he cant write a whole page on that thats too much
maybe i should do all the things
Part 1: The history of Ꭵs element the biggest exist
[
]
Ꭵs element the biggest exist was originally Jayeksville but then Jayeksville commited mitosis and killed a million pigs, forcing Ꭵs element the biggest exist to leave Jayeksville in protest because pigs should not be killed in the millions only in the 999999s.
It was then colonized by Jayeksville multiple times, and then everyone from Jayeksville moved to Ꭵs element the biggest exist when the Moskaudles invaded Jayeksville, until that one guy saved Jayeksville and then, well you know the story ok
Then Ꭵs element the biggest exist got merged with Jayeksville again, but it wanted to not be merged, but it didn't exist anymore.
Then it existed again
Then it stopped existing
Then it existed again and left Jayeksville to form its own land.
Part 2: Vejou took forever
[
]
Vejou took so long to form this article that Jayeksville has deleted itself 17 times trying to escape Vejou's procrastination which has stopped it from making any progress in the last at least 5 seconds, probably more.
Maybe someday Vejou will exist, or maybe Vejou exists, or what am i saying who exists
jayeksville exists?
why are there so many newlines here
Part 3: Everything else
[
]
Currently, Ꭵs element the biggest exist's biggest goal is to
exist
, but this is very difficult because Vejou took forever.
Ꭵs element the biggest exist's second biggest goal is to not become Jayeksville. This is very hard because Jayeksville is constantly trying to make Ꭵs element the biggest exist become Jayeksville, and Ꭵs element the biggest exist is almost Jayeksville anyway, so they are in a constant battle trying to exist apart from Jayeksville.
Long ago, things happened. Then the other thing happened. The result of these things is the only difference between Ꭵs element the biggest exist and Ꭵs element the biggest exist part 2: the sequel. One of them worships a giant wave that sometimes exists, the other one is Ꭵs element the biggest exist part 2: the sequel.
so far, nobody has been able to find Ꭵs element the biggest exist ever since they stopped being Jayeksville the last time. nobody is even sure if element Ꭵs the biggest exist or not.
a total of 5 people live in Ꭵs element the biggest exist. they have never left.