“
"NEVER LOOK AT THE MOON"
[ Red Moon ]
is one of the remnants of
[ The Chaos ]
This is equivalent to the
Cataclysmic Power
that descends upon the world every
100,000 years
to erase away almost all existing civilizations.
and It is a multidimensional phenomenon that occurs simultaneously in all dimensional spaces.
An entity obsessed with this power,
[ REDACTED ]
reincarnated continuously throughout three cycles of such disaster, tirelessly performing trial and research to obtain this power.
On the day of the 7th disaster cycle, he succeeded in harnessing the cataclysmic power on his 4th attempt, and further transcended the power, fully comprehending the nature of
[ The Chaos ]
, achieving the level of a
[ God ]
.
While a
[ God ]
is typically forbidden from intervening in the world by
[ Rule X ]
, he is an exceptional being not born as one, allowing him to continue interfering with the world even after becoming a
[ God ]
.
He is now the embodiment of
[ The Chaos ]
itself, slowly growing an ambition to someday devour the world.
”
「血に染まってきれいに輝くね」. あなたは選ばれました... 残念な運命を持っていたね. 「地獄の紙真夜中に合わせて鳴ります」.
赤い満月 is a red-black orb, a large red 8 pointed spike(4 of them are longer, and the other 4 are shorter) facing outwards with a ring that is similar to a halo, and a glowing dark red star is visible to the red and black orb. Under the orb, smoke rises up. 赤い満月 has a special animation upon spawning it; a small red orb falls before expanding, creating a large red explosion. 赤い満月 is in
The Chaos Faction
. 赤い満月 can be summoned by using Bloody Tear. Bloody Tear can be obtained from
Abominationn
's Shop. When 赤い満月 is spawned, Creates a large, red, shockwave. Red particles and electricity fly everywhere, and a red crater appears. It kills all entities in radius.
赤い満月
Red Full Moon
Rules over
The "Everything", Excluding
The Chaos Faction
and
「God」
Age
Unknown
Size
Equal to real life computer/monitor screen size
Knowledge
The "Everything", Even knows about
Mutant
, and
「God」
Power
Able to remove any entities (Excluding
The Chaos Faction
and
「God」
) from
「God」
's virtual software/website
Goals
Downfall of the world., Devour the world.
Species
-The Stigma-