"Ready to fight my big brother? Remember how you've learned to learn. Stay focused, look for patterns, and don't panic. Good luck!" -
Deviantt
Abominable Fang Icon.
Abominable Presence Icon.
Mutant Nibble Icon.
Styx Gazer.
Abominationn Icon.
Abominationn's Curse.
Old Abominable Sickle.
Flaming Scythe.
Target affected by Abominable Presence.
One of Abominationn Seal.
Abominationn Swinging Styx Gazer
Icicle Rain during Phase 1.
Abominationn Using Styx Gazer Laser Sword. (Old)
Several Phantom Phoenixes
Abominationn fires Abominable Deathray. (Old)
Abominationn Using Styx Gazer Laser Sword.
Abominationn fires Abominable Deathray.
Abominable Sickle.
Abominationn Seal.
Baby Scythe.
Baby Abom.
Broken Hilt.
Abominationn is a cosmic entity. His blade divides the soul itself. All supernatural phenomena are his domain, but he doesn't use celestial attacks out of respect for
Mutant
.
Contents
1
Shop
2
Abominationn's Curse
3
Broken Hilt
4
Baby Scythe
5
Summoning
6
Abominable Presence
7
Abominable Fang
8
Phase 1
9
Phase 2
10
Phase 3
11
Others
Shop
[
]
When you interect to Abominationn, Abominationn will be temporary friendly and sells items
The List of Item Abominationn Sells:
Bloody Tear - Used to Summon
赤い満月
Broken Hilt (After Abominationn has been defeated with no-hit) - Used to Craft Styx Gazer
Abominationn talks when interected. The List of Interection quotes:
"Where'd I get my scythe from? You'll figure it out."
"I have defeated everything in this land... nothing can beat me."
"Have you ever had a weapon stuck to your hand? It's not very handy."
"What happened to Yoramur? No idea who you're talking about."
"You wish you could dress like me? Ha! Actually yea.. you can."
"You ever read the ancient classics, I love all the fighting in them."
"I'm a world class poet, ever read my piece about impending doom?"
"You want swarm summons? Maybe next year."
"Like my wings? Thanks, the thing I got them from didn't like it much."
"Heroism has no place in this world, instead let's just play ping pong."
"Why are you looking at me like that? Your fashion sense isn't going to be winning you any awards either."
"No, you can't have my hat."
"Embrace suffering... Wait what do you mean that's already taken?"
"Your attempt to exploit my anger is admirable, but I cannot be angered."
"Is it really a crime if everyone else does it."
"Inflicting suffering upon others is the most amusing thing there is."
"Irony is the best kind of humor, isn't that ironic?"
"I like Cat... What do you mean who's Cat?"
"Check the wiki if you need anything, the kirb is slowly getting up to par."
"I've heard tales of a legendary Diver... Anyway what was that about a giant jellyfish?"
"Overloaded events...? Yeah, they're pretty cool."
"It's not like I don't enjoy your company, but can you buy something?"
"I have slain one thousand humans! Huh? You're a human? There's so much blood on your hands.."
Abominationn's Curse
[
]
Abominationn's Curse is Item that summons Abominationn.
Broken Hilt
[
]
Broken Hilt is item that can be obtained from Abominationn's Shop after defeating Abominationn with no-hit.
Baby Scythe
[
]
Baby Scythe is a pet summoning item. When used, summons Baby Abom.
Summoning
[
]
You can summon Abominationn with Abominationn's Curse.
Abominationn
"I sure wish I was a boss." - Abominationn
Damage
60,809,001
Max Life
405,021,000
Defense
800
Knockback Resist
100%
Inflicts Debuff
Abominable Fang (All Attacks), Abominable Presence (Permanent)
Debuff Immunity
All
Debuffs
Drops
Abominable_Energy
,
Abominable_Wand
, Broken Hilt, Baby Scythe
Power
Invincibility, Abomination, Disable Life Regeneration, Change time, Immune to Almost "Everything", Summon, Create, Abominable, Boundless, Eternal, Endless, Ultima, Godly, Gods, Dimension Change, Calamity, Delete
Rules Over
The Almost "Everything"
Species
Abominationn
Knowledge
The Almost "Everything"
Age
Unknown
Size
Equal to real life computer/monitor screen size divided by 2
Goals
Slay "Everything"
Abominable Presence
[
]
When Abominationn exists, every entity will affected by "Abominable Presence", which does -30% Defense, -25% damage reduction, dodges and life-steal disabled, life regeneration reduced
Abominable Fang
[
]
When entity gets hit by Abominationn or Abominationn's projectile, entity will affected by "Abominable Fang", which does -20% Defense, -0.5% health per second when moving and -0.3% when not, life regeneration and life-steal disabled.
Phase 1
[
]
Abominationn Creates a yellow small Abominationn Seal.
Abominationn Swings Styx Gazer to target, and fires Abominable Scythe that bursts into several Abominable Sickles.
Abominationn slows the speed and throws several Flaming Scythes to target.
Abominationn flashes a yellow light and dashes to target, leaving several Phantom Phoenixes.
Abominationn rains down Icicles.
Abominationn rapidly fires lasers to target and also fires some rockets.
Abominationn fires three sets of eight Abominable Sickle mines around itself three times in a square formation. Each Abominable Sickle mine explodes into another spread of eight accelerating Abominable Sickles.
Phase 2
[
]
Abominationn Creates a purple larger Abominationn Seal.
Abominationn Creates ten Abominable Scythes spins around target, and each Abominable Scythes explodes to two Abominable Sickles.
Abominationn Summons several Mini Saucers.
Abominationn fires Abominable Deathrays to target.
Abominationn Creates a Styx Gazer Laser Sword and swings it in a wide arc, leaving behind trails of accelerating Abominable Sickles.
Abominationn flashes yellow light and dashes to target, leaving several Phantom Phoenixes that Summons Abominable Sickcles.
Abominationn traps target with rapidly firing lasers and fires some rockets.
Abominationn throws Flaming Scythes much further before flying towards the player, but they move much slower.
Abominationn rains down Icicles and Summons two Super Flockos that fires three Frost Waves to target.
Abominationn Swings Styx Gazer to target, and fires Abominable Scythe that bursts into several Abominable Sickles. (more than Phase 1 attack)
Phase 3
[
]
Abominationn clears all projectiles on the screen before becoming invincible and launching a attack, consisting of all of its strong paired attacks used consecutively. It will first use the scythe rows and deathray dashes before immediately transitioning into its Styx Gazer attacks; note that its first Styx Gazer swing will always be performed while the scythe mines from the previous attack are still present.
Others
[
]
While Abominationn exists,
Laevateinn
will be heard.
When target dies, Abominationn's despawn message will say "Abominationn has destroyed target."