Megacollaboration
Aetharion is
a megacollab
! Pages like were created by lots of different people, so the writing styles may be different throughout the article.
Allowed Collaborators:
Svki.z
,
Mrhappymonyet
,
Molang sus
Poof685
,
Jamieyangletian12345
Current Collaborators: N/A
"sharing is caring" -
DiggyPT
(2024)
For the sussy dog
—
Aetharion
This is not a real image of him, its an imaginary creation, a real image is irrelevant. Credits to:
https://www.reddit.com/r/aiArt/
For the original image
Aetharion
Name
Aetharion
Rules Over
Irrelevant
But since he has that much power, he can transcend and manipulate every ingle reality to become his and can make reality backwards and destroys beyond every allsphere, imprecievable plane and the mirror chains
Age
irrelevant
Size
Irrelevant
Knowledge
His knowledge is beyond absolute infinite to the absolute transfinity to the power of beyond every single number humans or every other being has created
Power
Irrelevant
ERRORHe can do absolutely everything and transcends beyond the concept of beyond everything and can do literally everything but he can’t defeat
THE SUSSY DOG
and
the bald kid
Goals
to avenge the sussy dogs past life
Species
cosmic entity, beast
Behavioral Moral Alignment
Irrelevent
Creator
He was self created but for a reason, he wanted to avenge
the sussy dog
’s first life and wanted to destroy the evil chef with its powerful abilities.
Creations
He had created himself and that’s all he needs to avenge
he sussy dogs
first life and will destroy the evil chef.
(This is WIP)
The Aetharion is an ally of
The Jamie secret alliance
, and He was the one that witnessed
THE SUSSY DOG
’s past life get killed,
THE SUSSY DOG
and the Aetharion are best friends and The Aetharion crashed out and cried for the first time when
THE SUSSY DOG
’s first life died and is now seeking for revenge with its cosmic powers.
He is different from
The Crearion
because they re related and are actually brothers but the Aetharion is the best friend of
THE SUSSY DOG
and has infinite cosmic powers, his power levels are beyond the concept and irrelevant ally beyond the concept of power, he bends reality and destroys everything just to avenge the sussy dogs past life and he is currently finding that evil chef.
Hi power levels are beyond the concept and beyond every number human and every other cosmic entities have created and he transcends beyond that and destroys absolute every thing easily. He doesn’t surpass
The bald kid
and
THE SUSSY DOG
but is still rank three in all of the verse.
He is above every single realm, verse and dimensions and can destroy beyond absolute the concept and can manipulate everything to become his and can implode
every Allsphere
and can transcend beyond the concept of it (which is beyond the concept of impossible) and managed to implode and destroy the omniverses and every single allsphere, mirror chains and imprecievable plane by just commanding it with it finger.
It can stop and remove every single ability every cosmic entity has and if he dies (which is beyond the concept of impossible) he will just get reborn end with new powers and his original powers get stronger by 3456787654323456789876543345678909876543456789876543456787654345678765434567876543345678765433456787654345678x.
The bald kid
and the Aetharion are really good friends as well and is only slightly weaker wich is impossible to get at that power level. He was originally
The Crearion
‘S brother but they were both self created, the crearion created all forms existence while the Aetharion protected all forms of existence.
Allies:
[
]
The bald kid
THE SUSSY DOG
The Jamie secret alliance
The Crearion