Megacollaboration
Akalor is
a megacollab
! Pages like were created by lots of different people, so the writing styles may be different throughout the article.
Allowed Collaborators: Everybody
Current Collaborators:
DiggyPT
,
KingVoidDragon11
,
Universe2011
"sharing is caring" -
DiggyPT
(2024)
Akalor
Picture of Akalor
Diameter
Currently 259,148,200 ly
Districts
39
Age
243 million years
Economy Info
Currency
Kemrodd (Ⱪ)
Exports
Advanced machines
Population Info
Population
1.8 sextillion
Main Species
N/A (Various)
Language
Mainly
Akalorian
Spacial Info
Contained By
Local Universe Group
Class
0
Akalor is a collossal artificial structure. It is completely covered in a city, with 39 districts. It has a population of 1.8 sextillion people. Its main language is
Akalorian
. The people are called Akalorians. Akalor is located near the
Geraldson 9-21 System
. They are friendly and part of the
LUA
, but they have relations only with
Terabithia
and the
South-Koreaverse
.
Akalor's Flag
Map of Akalor, showing its districts.
Contents
1
History
1.1
Original plans for Akalor
2
Famous Buildings
2.1
The Tower of _
2.1.1
History
History
[
]
Akalor was formed about 243 million years ago, when the people of
The New Aculonian Empire
decided to build a huge structure in dedication to their Emperor, Ak Alor, who was a very good person and emperor. Originally, it was only supposed to be a cube that was 1 ly
3
big, but due to the next emperor 200,401 years later, Ro Qano, it was expanded. It was built by the
Oxelari
. In 193 million B.C., there was a
Civil War
that was fought between the northern districts(Naurgo, Kurgill, Jarem and Corgol) and the southern districts(Santi Christi(which included Oxelnis and Falgar) and Udeka). It was caused by a territorial dispute about if Santi Christi should be split into 2 districts, but Santa Christi refused. This plunged the districts into Civil War, but it ended 98 years later when the Emperor, Un Drag, made a peace treaty between the two, and Santi Christi was split into Oxelnis and Falgar. This war unfortunately caused some southern district residents to be angry, and assassinate Un Drag 32 years later.
Original plans for Akalor
[
]
Akalor’s original plans were for it to be a 1x1 light year big structure. About 90% was planned to be city structures, 9% to be forests and 1% for it to be lakes and bodies of water. These plans were abandoned after the Terraformation of Kolegna, the closest planet to the empire. They found a bunch more metals on the moons of Kolegna, where they made more cities and kept expanding Akalor. Now only 0.01% of Akalor has forests, and less than 0.0001% is bodies of water.
Famous Buildings
[
]
The Tower of _
[
]
The Tower of _ is currently the tallest building in Akalor, at a height of about 6,284 ly. It is located in the district of De'a. It is very unstable, with most predictions placing its collapse at about 212 years from now. In fact, many incidents previously have reduced its height considerably from 7,927 ly, which was the height of The Tower of _ upon its completion. These incidents have resulted in over 281,167,921,918 casualties, with about 79.12% of those casualties being from De'a citizens. The Tower of _ has turned many tourists away from visiting De'a and surrounding districts, and people looking for a home from moving to De'a and surrounding districts. In fact, the city surrounding The Tower of _  has become a ghost town. The Tower of _'s permanent population has also reduced considerably from 530,182,958,187,998,122 a month after its completion to only about 3,816,019, from both incidents shortening and damaging The Tower of _ killing many creatures, as well as moving out due to concerns about its collapse and future incidents. Due to the above, it is usually considered a death trap, as well as the surrounding area.
History
[
]
It was first commissioned by the emperor _ _, because he wanted to make an Akalor-wide record by making the tallest building ever in Akalor. It was finished after about 192,172,190 years, beating _ Offices' headquarters in height, which was 382 ly in height. During the building of the tower, many creatures warned _ _ that the building would be dangerous. When it was finished, _ _  named the tower after himself.
Due to having the idea of The Tower of _,  _ _ gained a bad reputation posthumously once it was discovered how really dangerous The Tower of _ was.
There are currently plans to take The Tower of _ down, but they have not began yet.