Aliber-2345-bo9324
New image of it with the sun in the for ground
Axis
6
Moons
54 confirmed
Life
no
Rings
yes, but faint
Orbit shape
Normal circle shape
AU
4
Size
100,000 miles wide 200,000 miles tall
Introduction
[
]
Image of the storms
Its faint rings
This planet is 186⁷⁴⁸ quintillion light years away it would take 87 septillion years to get here Aliber-2345vy-bo9324 is almost like a Neptune like planet. This planet is very catastrophic most of the planet is filled with storms bigger that of Jupiter if you were to go inside it you could be electrocuted by the lighting storms that plague the planet these can be as tall as the earth. the longest one ever recorded was in 2022 it lasted more than the one on Saturn that lasted for 1 year 2010 - 2011 by the Cassini space probe that is long dead after its final orbits.  This planet does have rings but it's very faint and its rings were captured by an unknown telescope not ground based but in space oddly.
Since this planet is in a different universe unlike ours (there's are 186⁷⁴⁸ quintillion light year difference.) this planet has many similarities to Jupiter. This planet formed around its home star picking up gasses and debris the debris that it picked up forming its core and making a stable planet, like any other planet this planet has weather and an aura.This planet can be to home small life forms these bacteria is like normal bacteria, but these bacteria can not spread Deassises they spread the same copies of themselves. This planet formed moons around it from its rings and moons that form surrounding this giant these moons put force on this giant planet, these moons are like
IO
some are like
Europa
or
Charon
these are examples of what Aliber-2345vy-bo9324's moons are like. Some of its moons are like titan some of hues of different colors or don't have hues like one of its moons (Aliber-p0987-pnz) has life on it the life on it only lives in water.in a way the moon itself does not have trees only has mountains and long lakes and oceans
Info
[
]
This planet is in a solar system by the name of Aliber-19op-wav4 this system is a newly discoverd one and contains many planets almost 15, some of them range to large gas giants to dwarf planets then to earth sized planets some of those planets are close to their host star and almost burning in the suns Corona.There is life on those planets  and most of them are tidally locked to the sun (or star) these planets have an eternal night and one side has hell on it. To observe this planet, you have to travel outside of the
multiverse
and
omniverse
just to be able to at least see its universe from 6789⁸² trillion kilometers away the
Compaverse
appears to look like its glowing a faint shade of purple and its oval shape in the middle of the sky. This planet is special in its own terms like having storms at different times of the day (which is weird why did I even put that in. huh). This planet is one of the biggest planets in its solar system aside from Aliber-9273sx-mo54231 this planet is a super earth that could have life on it this planet is at least 2 billion years old or 1 billion years old. I apologize for cringe and errors