Alphasa
False color image of Alphasa, all gases visualized. In reality, the Alphasa is nearly invisible, due to how thin the gases get at their distances
Physical characteristics
Diameter
1.1 Trillion kilometers
Mass
2,927 Earth masses
Composition
2.1% water vapor, 2.1% helium, 2% hydrogen, 2% nitrogen, and 30,000 other gases
Surface temperature
3°C
Position
Superior system
Sontrama Solar System
Alphasa
is a large gaseous
planet
located inside of our
Multiverse
, thus abiding by the same laws as our
Universe
does.
Alphasa is located in the Sontrama solar system, it is the 6th in order and heaviest planet with over a hundred moons to its name.
The planet is made out of so many gases, that it would be impossible to list in this article. The full list can be found in the book called: The Sontrama Solar System, 3rd edition, page 742, in which the authors list all of the 600 most commonly found gases, leaving out the thousands upon thousands of others, which make up quadrillionths or less of the atmosphere.
Alphasa's absolutely enormous size is all thanks to the gas that orbits it, its enormous weight and the additional moons that keep the gases close to its surface. Its size isn't without controversy, though, as the planet simply thins out instead of abruptly ending like all other planets.
All of Alphasa's moons technically orbit inside of its atmosphere, gliding through its gaseous mess unaffected, keeping stable temperatures and orbits too. These moons are the only life bearers, as the core is too violent and massive to sustain any kinds of life, except for maybe hyper-sponges. Alphasa has 135 moons, the largest of which are called: Jarnis, Gwuna, Flaxna, Isnimis and Oaqan. All 135 moons, which could potentially be misinterpreted to be planets, were formed from the gas of the Alphasa itself.
Any moon which is distant enough to sustain any kind of life is also too far out to have been constructed from the gas of the planet, except for Aphatris, which contains bacterial life, but is 230°C in temperature.
Out of the 135 moons, 71 are habitable and 3 have life, those 3 are Patea, Hinha Maha and Zkunnul (those are the names given by the inhabitants themselves, luckily, they don't have to be changed to be English-interpretable).