Antineuroverse
contained by:
Lockverse
contains:
Back to back to reality
The Antineuroverse is a paradoxical dimension characterized by its negative-four dimensional (-4D) structure and the presence of non-functional neurons. It is defined by its state of non-existence, where nothing operates as it should, even though it contains multiple worlds. This dimension is a popular subject of study among those who explore the theoretical limits of multiversal physics and the concept of ultimate entropy. It is often cited as a theoretical endpoint, a universe that has "run out" of everything, including existence itself.
Physics
The physics of the Antineuroverse is a complete reversal of known laws. Instead of the expansion seen in most dimensions, this one experiences a perpetual contraction, a "de-big bang" that creates a state of non-existence. The four negative dimensions are believed to represent negative length, width, height, and time, a concept that is difficult for beings in positive dimensions to comprehend. The presence of neurons, which are typically the basis for consciousness, is ironic given the dimension's complete lack of functionality. They are inert structures, like a complex machine with no power, serving as a physical representation of the universe's ultimate state of non-action.
Inhabitants
This dimension has no known inhabitants, save for the theoretical presence of a single entity. The neurons present are inert and do not function as a biological system, and as a result, there are no known sentient beings in the Antineuroverse. Any explorers who have theoretically entered this dimension would find themselves in a state of suspended animation, unable to interact with the environment or even perceive it in a meaningful way.
* T̸̡̡̨̡̨̨̢̡̢̖̦͙̮͍̮͉̟͇̦̖̙̝͖͙͖̖̻̠̰̮͔̦͉̎̐́̈̔͆h̷̨̧̨̛̯͓̣̺̹̳̦͈̳̖̼̺͂͑̔̓̃͋̇̎̽̅̒̈͛̈͛̏̂̕͠͝ẽ̶̢̨̛̛̖̝͚̼̫͈̜́͂́̒̃̓̂̔̈͆̈̊͑͂̽͑̾̎́̌́̈́̃͌͐͐͌͆̏̈́́̔̍̾́̚͘̚͠͝͝ ̷̢̧̦͓̻̯̣̙̦̺̯̝͕̖̭̘͖͈͕̦̤͍̟̟̗̖̙̙̗̽̔̒̆̽̒́̔͌̀͐͑̆̋̉͌͆̈́̾͆̉̈́̆͑͊̾̀́̂̓̄̌̂̊̔͑̂̾͑̏͘͠͝͝͝͝ờ̶͓͕̰̗́͌̓̈́̂̈́͑̓́́͂̂͌͗̈́̀͊͆̌͊͌͆̈̀̊̍̄́̏͆̈́͆̓͑̑̇̏̂̚͘͘̚͠͝͠n̶̡̡̛̛̟͍̤͎̼̲̳̹̺̙͐͆̂́̽̌̒̾̂̔͑͊̈́̄̃͆̈́̇͆̂͐͂̀̓͊̀̀̔̈́̉̊̔̽̀͆̽͑̀͘̚͠͝͝͝͝͝è̶̳̤̬͕̣͍͕̺̱̪̅̇͐̽̆̆͆̈́̅̏̈̄̇̀̀̓͗͑̍̇́̉̓͂̂̃̾́̾̍͋͐̇̎̄̉́̀͗̚̚͘͜͠͠͝͝ ̷̧̢̛̛͉̼̬̠͕̝̫̣͚̖̼̹̭̤̱͈̭̟͕̞̦̮͍̙̦̬̪̯̩̬̺̩̟͉̟̬̦̺͋̾̽̌͐̇̌̀̆͂͋͋͐̃́̎́͊͆͆́͊͆̅̓̀́̃́͑̈͋͒̌͌͋̌͒͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅw̸̨̨̛̛̛̰̩̹̠̦̱̤̞̠̳̮̼͈̺͓͓̲̘̣̦̲̓̈́͂̏͌̽̂͂͑̈́͒͂̉̎̇͋͐͂́͗͌̓́̿̌̔̃̈́̍̇͆̈͑̅̔͑̾̀̍̚̚̚͜͠͠͝͝h̸̛̛̛̛͉͉̞̼́̃̂͊̈̎̇̏̎͆̾̈́͗͒̄͋͑͋́̂̌̽̄̃̈̍̈́̔͂́̈́͌̆͘͘͘͠͠͠͝͝͠ờ̴̧̢̧̛̥̘̠̭̱̺̗̥̟̖͚̗̭̮̤̘̇̂͗̒̀̃͑̃̾̎̉̀̃̆̏̉̂͂̌̈́̈́̿̿͂̈́̉͌̆͑̎́̌͗̆̈́͑̈́͘̚̚͜͝͠͝͠ͅ ̸̢̢̡̢̟̼̤͚̖̺̫͚̙̻̺̙̣̹̬͍̗̥̦̻͕͕͎͓͇̤͚̰̣͇͎̹̯̳̺͉̳̙̫̫̤͇̆̈́͐̏̽̀͗̾́̈́͂̏̓̈̃͗̈́͂͐͊͆̈̉̅͑͂͌̈́̈́̽̿͌̆̾͗̉̇͐̔̈́̔̚͘̚͠͝͝i̴̧̢̧̧̛̛̛̥̯͕̗̟̝̩͚̞͚͖̲̬͚̱̬̹̺̝̹̩͌̔̃̽̽̈́̇̂͂̉̈́̿̀͋̅͗̇́̇͂̽̆͒̂̈́̅̓̓̍̇̅̈̃̆̎̾̒̓̈́̚͘͘͘͜͝͝͠͝͠s̷̖͉̥̹̙̺̲͇̹̟̏̄̅̂́͗̎̏̏̿̔̅͌̉̈́̆͑̈́͆̔̿̂̆̽̀̿͐̅͑̂̔͑͒̔́͒̏̏͊͑̇̚͘͜͝͠͝ ̵̧̨̢̨̡̢̨̢̛͎̦̠̬͎̩͈̮̟̲̖͓͎͉̙͚̝͓̼̰̳̮͎͍̫̬̦̣͚̰̬̟̩͍̄̔̌͊͑̃̀̇̓͒̾͑̃̅̅̄͊̔͂͐̎̆̿̃̇̆̈̔̍̅͑͒̄͂͘̚͘͘͘̚̚͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͠͠ͅͅǫ̸̨̢̛̛̛͕̗̠͎͇̪̤̠̘̘̗̦͇̥̘̻̪̠̺̼̪̙̣͖͕̭̓̈́̽́͌͆̒̽̽͆̓͐̆̓͆́͐̈́̅͐̄̔̅͌́͂̒̏͋̈́̏̃͐̅̈̈́̽̈́͋̚̚͜͜͠͝͠͝͝͠u̶̢̧̡͉̭͕͕̤̻̼̖̻̠͍͚̞͇̪̳̮̮͕͇̻͑̆͂̀͐͌̉̇͊̓̎̒̈́͐̀̿͗͋͑̀̓̆̀̈́͑̈́͌̀͐̔̔̃́̍̃̈́͒́̉̄̈́̚̚͜͜͝͠͝͠͝ṱ̶̢̨̧̧̙̫̘̹̫̬̰̼̲̯̫̝͉͕͇̺̺̦͉̜̭̹͓̭͍̭͎͉͓̺̗̲̗͖͉̞̩̪̬͐̈́̅̎̒̈́͑͗̈͋͊̀̏̆̓̅́̌́͊̈́̈́̿͗̿̉͗͑͑͌̃̽̔̽̅̎̆̀͗̀͋̃͘͠͝͝͠ͅ ̸̡̧̛̼͉͉̩̼̣̯͍̤̣̬͍̦̞̣̮̩̰̙͕̣̹̰̱͈̭͊̀̎̓̄́̔͑̏͗̈́͆̏̀̀̀͋̏̒̄̅̌̅͗̿̽͊̽̿̇͒͊͆̾̈̄͂̃̿̽̏̌̿̽͆͝͝͝͠ͅḟ̵̢̢̧͉͚̣͉̣̝͓̩̟͇̟̣̼̆͐͑́̓̆͋͆́̏̾̏̅̽̂͌͗̅͆̄̀͂̽̉̌͋̾̌̽̂͊̉̔́̈̈̈́̊͊͘̚̚͜͜͝͝͝͝͝o̵̧̨̡̟̲̮͕̖͕͚͇̤͉͉̣̯̠̯͍͓͇͚̥͉̲̞͍̺̣͉̹̩̹̦̥̰̟̺͉͔͉̰͆́̃̄̉̈́́̏̅̇̌̽̎͂̌̾̅̈́̈́͒͗͌̌̌͌̈́͒͐̈́͆̏̈̅̏͗̉̄̆͋̇̉͘͘̚͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͠ͅṟ̴̱̞͖̠̘̟̜̭͕̠͆̇̎͆̀̅̀̅̓̉̔̀͂͗̏̈́͆̅̔̅̿̈́͗́̃̀̈́̉̃͑̓͒̃̽̿́̽̍́̈̽̈́͑̔̚͘̚̚͜͝ ̷̧̡̧̢̛̛̯̘̬̹̲͔̩͕̱̗̠̬͉͍͍̝̮͇̬͉̝̳̞̞͔̜̥̣̹̳̱͉͉̣̜̍̽̏̈́͆͗̎͋̎͂́̅́̇̏͋͗̌͊͐̉́̈́̌̀͌̈̃́̿̀̂̈́͆̈́͋̚̚̚͜͜͝͝͝͠͝B̸̧̡̡̛̮͕̫̬̱̘͉̙͉̯̯͈̮̞̖̩̮͙̮͖̹̰̣̩̗͇̗̟̘̩͉̥̟̙̼̗͇̝̗̝́̀̎̈́̽͗͌̽̈́̒̓͌̉̾́̈́͂͋̅͂̀͐͑̄́͂̄̽͐̀̍͊̓͌̀̈́͆͐̚̚͜͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͠ͅͅ1̸̧̧̡̛̣̰̬͚͚̠̻̫̠̱͕̼̯̳̙̩̪͉̝̦͔̯̦́͌̓͂̇̀̒̿̂͑̌̀̿̿͋͑̇͂̾̇͌͐̽̈́́͋̇̎́̓͋͑͊́̇͋̂̆͐̏̉͐͊͆͌̾̈́͝͠ͅͅ0̶̡̧̡̲̤̮̘̜͚̘͇͖̰͖͔̖͖͈̮̦̜̖̺̠̖͉͖̲̣͇̗̦̺̖̲̜̹̠̩̠̜̃̅̈́̔̔̔͐̀̎́͊̃̿̾͐͆͊͑̎̀̄̽̏̾͌̅͋̿̄͊͋̿́̃́̀͒͌̀̅̚̚͜͜͜͜͜͠͠͠͝͝͝͠ͅ0̵̡̢̡̧̡̢̛̛͕̖̯̰̪̝̮̜͚̥̖̳͚̱̞̬͈̣͍̘̝͕̰̥̘̮̯̼̺̖̯̫̘̳̬̜͉̟̣̟̂͂͂̆̆̃̈́̀̈́̈́̄̉̏̏̅̃̾͋͐͌͗̈́͋͌̈́̉̇̈́͌͌͒̀̈͑̆͐̀͑̀̆̚̚͘͜͜͠͝͝͠|̷̡̛̛̛̠̫̹̗̯̬͕̙̯̮̺͎̣̺̲͇̬̓̈́̉͌̾̽͗̔͐̎̉͌̏͆̾̍̎̈́̈̀͂̿̉̔̆̓͐̽͋̽̇̿̈́́͘͘̚̚͘͘͜͝͠͠͝͝͝͝ͅ)̸̢̧̢̛̛̛͎̪͍̣͓͕̩͍̬̱̘̩̺͇̪̬͍̦̱̮̫̪̤̠̝͉̠̲̼̠̬̺̪̠̰̼͇͚̰̞̄́̇̓̀̔̎̾̈̈́̄͂̽̄̉̃̔̇͆͌́͌̓̍̿̒͒̎̈́̀̍̈́́̀́̀̔̒̈́̚̚̚̚̚͝͝͠ͅ: This is a non-functional entity. It is a being of pure thought that cannot think, a presence without a location. It is believed to be the only sentient "being" in the Antineuroverse, but its existence is a constant paradox, as it is a sentient being in a universe that cannot support sentience. The "name" of the entity is a transcription of its "vocalization", which is nothing more than static feedback.
Locations
The Antineuroverse is home to several paradoxical and non-functional worlds, which include:
* Antineuroverse Planet 2730: "The Colossus": A world dominated by a colossal structure that is perpetually under construction but is never completed. It is a monument to infinite effort with zero progress.
* Antineuroverse Planet 34902: "The Time You Went Insane": A world that acts as a static landscape of fragmented memories and thoughts, devoid of any emotional or cognitive function. The memories are of a past that never was, and the insanity is a state of being that is never reached.
* Antineuroverse Planet 1738: "The Quiet Storm": A world of perpetual, but silent, thunderstorms. The storms rage on with powerful lightning and torrential rain, but no sound is ever produced. It's a violent spectacle of nature that has no impact on its surroundings.
* Antineuroverse Planet 9292: "The Forgotten Library": A world containing an infinite library of books, but none of them can be read. The pages are blank, the words are meaningless, and the knowledge they were supposed to contain has been lost, or never existed in the first place.