Basic Space
Scale
Size
Contains everything mathematical, spacial (in the way we understand it), genphysical, etc. The "verse" that contains it all is 104,597,262x bigger than all of that combined. Everything past this is beyond all forms of the aforementioned things.
EUSI
Monstrous
Finality Index
Endless
FOEI
No
Dimensionality
Limitless
Kardashev Scale
Boundless
Properties
Temperature
Varies, since this contains all things with temperature as we know it to be
Class
22
Life Percentage
4.3%
Shape
Hyperspherical
Density (Void Percentage)
No
Position
Contained by:
Complex spaces, the lowest form of them being
virvis
,
greater / true godity spaces
coming after.
Contains:
All things spacial,
Voids
,
heavens
and
hells
,
false godity spaces
.
About
[
]
Basic space
refers to either:
All of basic space, time, etc. and all variations of those.
The smallest verse to contain all of the previous definition.
This article will be about both of those.
Basic Space
[
]
Basic Space has already pretty much been explained. It is the totality of basically all math, all regular space (the type we're accustomed to), all regular verses, etc. This obviously makes it a collective of many things.
Basic Space (verse)
[
]
The verse of basic space is the very smallest type of verse to contain all of that. In their center there is a very large core producing vast quantities of heat, with a protective shield outside to protect the closer verses.
Outside of this shield are many, many verses. They vary in everything you can say about verses, except for the fact that they exist within this space. Outside of this circular zone of verses (it has some protrusions out) is a colossal void. Very little exists here, save for a few scarce verses rich in resources (or ones depleted of them) and greatly powerful entities, similarly sparsely populating these monumental voids.
Outside and containing these void is another shell which only exists in our basic space, this one being a hypercone. This hyperconic shell was constructed by a post-BS society who really liked cones. They spreaded religious doctrine about cones to the many entities of different verses here, and even constructed a large conic shell around the verse to prove the existence of their cone god.
They ended up getting wiped out due to inevitably killing themselves over some stupid religious war with another civilization, who really liked pyramids and cubes. They have yet to find out the conic shell exists, mostly because they were obliterated by some weird eldritch being, but also because most things outside of the useless, arbitrary commodities they cared about were really insignificant and inconsequential to them.
The exact same eldritch being, aforementioned for no particular reason at all except for a small idea--come up with by the writer of this article, which is way too wordy and boring...almost destroyed our basic space as it had sneezed. Thankfully for us and a truly indescribable amount of beings, the sneeze missed us. Amount said there because the number of beings existent in basic space is constantly growing, and it is so extraordinarily and unbelievably large that no sane being would ever decide to count them all, let alone one by one. That would take forever, and any being coming at all short of omniscience would lose track of the massive number they were counting, or quit for any number of reasons, almost as unbelievably gigantic as the number of entities living in all basic space.
This verse contains the lower form of
godity spaces
and contained by the lowest form of complex space, the
greater godity spaces
, also known as the "true" godity spaces.
TL;DR: Really big verse that sounds like an
EABA
but actually isn't because it's meant to be surpassed by many things to come in the future. As if there weren't enough of these.