BEAN MAN BUT AWESOME
Rules over
Nothing
Size
Unknown
Knowledge
A lot
Power
Complete transcends
Vsaue
Goals
To annihilate everything.
Species
Beann
The end of civilization, the end of everything, the apocalypse, armageddon, "the end" has many names and many scenarios for it. But what about a civilization whose power is seemingly unstoppable, a civilization where every being is a god? This "theoretical" civilization once existed, but even gods can be destroyed. BEAN MAN BUT AWESOME is a being that caused the end of said of said civilization.
The story of BEAN MAN BUT AWESOME
[
]
Before the creation of the first
Downtown Fricksville
, and, as a result, every current Post-
Alphasm
object, everything being outside of
Alphasm
was a godlike being. Every being in this place formed a civilization. At the center of this civilization was the Beansverse, the home of the thousands of Beanns that ruled over the civilization. However, the Beansverse in its entirety ceased to exist one day, and the only survivor was
Bean Man
. Many of the gods under the ruled try to take over the civilization because they did not see only
Bean Man
as a major threat. The period of these rebellions were short, however, due to Bean Man developing his much more powerful form, known as BEAN MAN ACT TWO (TRANSCENDENT): KILLER BEAN, which was far stronger than any being ever thought of before. But eventually Bean Man Act Two was destroyed too, it vanished just like the Beansverse. Bean Man Act Two did not simply vanish, though, his destruction actually formed the destructive god known as BEAN MAN BUT AWESOME. This god, often known as the embodiment or supreme deity of destruction, proceeded to annihilate everything repeatedly until
An Horrible Thing.
made an arbitrary way to defeat him, if every being (with the exception of
Bean Man
and some weaker beings like
The Seeker
) sacrificed themselves then BEAN MAN BUT AWESOME would be defeated and sealed in
The Gatus
until an entity eventually reaches the final layer of it, which would reawaken BEAN MAN BUT AWESOME. The entities did sacrifice themselves and BEAN MAN BUT AWESOME was defeated. The defeat of BEAN MAN BUT AWESOME lead to the creation of everything currently outside of
Alphasm
.