Betasm
Current version
Old
Oldest
Rules over
Their imagination
Age
1 centillion OYC for every centillionth of a
Voidsecond
an Alphasm has lived.
Size
(
The Eight realms
' size in LY ^ 3) LY
Knowledge
0.8 Beane
Power
1 Vsaue
Goals
Everything
Betasm
Dimensionality
Too high to comprend
Contained by
Higher-level
Archrealities
,
the Ninth Realms
,
Novachains
Contains
Skies
,
the Eighth Realms
A
Betasm
, also known as an Iteration 2
Alphasm
, is the first type of
Vsauian
entity and the second species of
Polyasm
. Betasms view the entire
Fourth Everything Layers
as their imagination, although the seventh one views
sky
as its imagination instead. Betasms have a strength equal to exactly one Vsaue, and they often team up in groups of five to take down "Supa Stronk" entities like
Bean Man
and
Dunkey Kong
in his obamium form, although sometimes they fail leading to concussions or death.
It is possible to travel to another Betasm to another through gateways in their imagination. To the Betasm, this is equivalent to bringing you or any other object that passed through the gate up in a conversation with another Betasm, allowing them to think about it. This method was used by a group of researchers to infiltrate the imagination of the seventh Betasm, allowing entrance into
sky
, which is why it is so heavily documented despite having a completely different concept of
Realms.
Unlike with an
Alphasm
, if a Betasm dies or goes into a comatose state, its imagination will not be destroyed but will leak out of its head as a large puddle of Imagination Juice (See Figure A). This liquid cannot be extracted from the Betasm without killing it unless you have over
Λ
2
∗
0.000000003
{\displaystyle \Lambda^2*0.000000003}
power, which is a lot. a Betasm's imagination juice can be moved around inside the Betasm as it pleases though, so it can influence the outside world just by imagining it is, now that's pretty cool. If you happen to kill a Betasm and you keep its dead body close to its Imaginiation Juice, some of its will that may have been infused into the Juice at the time of its death may cause it to revive its dead body, this process can even happen to Betasms that died a long time ago, as there is no limit.
Figure A (Rough anatomy of a Betasm)