Bob the Stickman
Rules over
The Imaginarium
Age
Infinite
Size
1.8 meters tall
Any size it wishes to be.
Knowledge
Infinite
Power
Infinite
Goals
Secure. Contain. Protect.
Species
Stickmen
Bob
is a stickman, who was created by the
Transcendent Omni-God
known as
YourNuglyguy
to protect fiction. In his normal form, he is a regular, powerless stickman, In his combat form, he transcends everything. He lives in the
Imaginarium
, a place that is outside of existence. He was created for the purpose to stop any non-authorized characters from managing to escape fiction and entering real-life, or to stop from any threat reaching a level where it becomes unbeatable.
Bob has many forms, his normal form, his combat-form, his serious form where he starts fighting for real, and his Omni-form where he reaches his full power which makes The Supreme Power look like a joke. If a character is so strong that not even Bob can beat it, he will call for his creator, YourNuglyGuy to erase it from existance!!!1!1111
The Imaginarium
[
]
The Imaginarium is obviously the imagination of the TOGS, however its not a place that is outside of this wiki, as the imaginarium is still part of the wiki.
The Imaginarium is an endless white field, if you ever make it there, whatever you think of, it will appear there, if you think about a sword that can slice universes, it will appear right infront of you, however this is only possible in the inner area of the imaginarium, any item/being that you thought about and carried it with you all the way to the end of the imaginarium (where Bob is at), it will disappear.
You can only access the imaginarium is by noclipping inside and outside at the same time at the very edge of reality, no it cant be inside a
Box
or inside an
Ultimate Box
, it has to be done at the very edge of reality, otherwise this wont work.
The story of Bob
[
]
Bob was created by Yournuglyguy in the year 0. That’s it, what a boring story, how about the story when bob came to Earth.
One day bob came to earth since it’s been Two eternities since something managed to reach the Imaginarium, so he came to Earth and lived there, for him it was a very strange place, he bought himself a house and studied the culture of humans, then he bought himself devices and when he was on his phone saw this strange awful ugly red icon with a white triangle on it, he clicked it on it and saw that it was called “Youtube”, the first video he saw was a Pewdiepie video and watched it, he became fascinated about it and studied YouTube, and then after he learned the culture of youtubers, he got the best idea “hey I wanna a YouTuber” said Bob, he knew nothing about the basics of making a YouTube video so he just uploaded a 4 second long clip that says “hi this is my first YouTube video my name is bub”.
After uploading the clip he refreshed the page and immediately after that his video got 1.2 trillion views, and 500 billion likes and only 1 dislikes (the person who disliked was later hanged), and in an instant he got the bronze play button, the silver play button, the Golden play button, the diamond play button, the ruby play button, the emerald Play button, the sapphire play button, the rainbow play button, the ultimate play button, the alien metal play button, the obsidian play button, the playbutton of Destiny, The Royal Playbutton, and the Infinite Playbutton, he ended up with 2 quintillion subscribers at the end of the day and YouTubers like Johndog69420 and Pewdiepie started worshipping him, and so bob became the most famous person on the universe, because of this bob uploaded another YouTube video called “second video” and it was 2 seconds long, and he got 190 septillion subscribers and got awarded a noble peace prize and yeah yeah he uploaded more videos oooo got famous famous famous famous now let’s skip to the part where this becomes a problem.
Bob was very happy with his fame but got annoyed at his fans, every day millions of people stayed around his house for hours and days, just shouting “WE LOVE YOU BOB”, and whenever he came outside his fans crowded him and stole his shirt and even the paper clip in his pocket, and those items sold for trillions of dollars, at one point bob became tired about all of this and escaped, after all of his fans realized that he left, they all started to hate him, Bob's subscriber count dropped from 200 septillion to NEGATIVE 500,000,000 IN just 8 seconds!!! Bob went on the news, every cop went after him, all of his fans went after him, all of the angels went after him, everyone in the multiverse HATED him for betraying them...
So as he went back to the Imaginarium abandoning all his fans, finally he got the peace he wanted.. till something strange started happening and someone made a hole through the Imaginarium, and the first thing he saw was all of his 17 centillion fans, they were all coming after him and wanted bob dead, bob had no choice but to fight all of his fans, but fighting 17 centillions people was no easy task, and those fans weren’t just humans, some of bobs were also aliens, void creatures, Titans, demons, angels, fictional characters and even God himself was a fan of Bob, but they all went after him. bob started kicking their asses destroying trillions of fans per second without being overwhelmed, he later defeated multiple divine angels and defeated even god and Satan, then this strange monkey with silver spiky hair jumped on him but 0.1 nanoseconds later got decapitated, and everyone was losing till the late party arrived which were the elder gods himself and then the cosmic king who was bob’s biggest fan all fought bob but immediately lost. Ya ya ya ya I can keep flexing about how strong this bob stickman is.
By the end of the day Bob was tired, he revived all of the 17 centillions beings he accidentally killed and sent them back to where they came from, and erased all of their memories about ever being a fan of Bob, the end.
List of authorized beings
[
]
pretty much a list of beings that were authorized by Bob to be able to enter Real-Life, however they dont recieve any form of power or TOG-abilities when they are irl.
Only six beings are verified to be able to enter real-life, however YEB is currently on the waiting list.
Alphasm
Gerald
BEAN MAN BUT AWESOME
The Impossible Rooster
Carl The Redeemer
Dunkey Kung
YEB WAKAB
(Currently on the waiting list)