Box of Reality
Scale
Size
Even the first layer is indescribably bigger than any
Barrel of Reality
EUSI
...
Finality Index
2<n<3
FOEI
numeral
Dimensionality
At least 2
Kardashev Scale
Many
Properties
Temperature
Unknown
Class
8
Life Percentage
Technically 0%
Shape
Box
Position
Contained by:
Cetaverse of Reality
Contains:
The first layer contains an unknown amount of
Barrels of Reality
, and every layer onwards contains an unknown, but larger amount of the previous layer
The
Box of Reality
is an infinitely-layered structure which is the containment structure for
Barrels of Reality
. There are over
x
layers, although there are known to be much, much more. The amount of layers in a Box of Reality is currently a constant known as 𝔅𝔯
l
[
1
]
. Its exact value is unknown, but it is known to be much, much larger than CAI.
Structure
[
]
Starting from the
Barrel of Reality
, the usual Box Of Reality structure goes something like this:
Once something escapes its local Barrel of Reality, it will find itself in a vast space which has literally nothing but
Barrels of Reality
and the occasional artificial structure, escaped objects, and ships. There is a structure near the middle of the expanse, known as the Reality Barrel Generator (RBG), which spits out Barrels of Reality every
Voidsecond
. It is shaped like a barrel, and is often 12ω+53 to Φ(1823,1114,ε
18
)
Barrels of Reality
large. As you get farther and farther away from the RBG, Barrels of Reality become sparser and sparser, to the point where there is literally nothing. Eventually, after l>>>θ Barrel of Reality lengths, there is a border. However, it is easy to break through, having a Mohs hardness of only 18.9.
When the space outside of the structure is entered and you travel far away enough, it becomes clear that the space you previously were in is barrel-shaped. This earns the previous space the name '
Barrelplex
of Reality'. Unlike the smaller amount of Barrels of Reality within Barrelplex of Reality, Barrelplexes of Reality are much more abundant in this new space than Barrels of Reality are inside the Barrelplex of Reality, and this makes navigating hard. There are no known generators of Barrelplexes of Reality, but there have been many reports of 'Barrelplexes of Reality appearing out of nowhere'. After about l>...>θ Barrelplex of Reality lengths, another barrier is reached. This barrier is slightly stronger than the last, having a Mohs hardness of approximately 32. Due to containing Barrelplexes of Reality, it is known as the
Barrelplock
of Reality.
The containing space, known as the
Barrelplockina
of Reality, is identical to the Barrelplex of Reality, although the Barrelplocks of reality are much more sparse and the space is much, much bigger. The Barrelplocks of Reality often also get into small clusters, which have the name of
Barrelplockplex
of Reality.
The subsequent spaces are named after the Barrel chain in our own
Box
, and get sparser and much bigger than how much bigger the previous was to the one before that.
After an unknown amount of barrels of reality, a
Barrel Factory
and
Company
of Reality, and many more barrels, the end of the first layer of the Box of Reality is reached. You can tell it is different as the barrel right before is much more abundant with many different types of barrels, and also has a different overall ambience than every barrel before it. The barrier is much, much, much, much, much stronger than the previous barrel was, and is a different color than every other barrier.
Every layer after the first is very similar to the first, except for the fact that there are random effects each layer, and each barrel
[
2
]
has a much stronger barrier and sparseness than the first layer barrels.
After an unknown amount of layers (listed at the start of the article as being the constant 𝔅𝔯
l
), a barrier is reached, which is much harder than the previous barriers
[
3
]
and a different color and texture. This barrier marks the end of the Box Of Reality, and once it is broken through and crossed, you will be met with a neon green glow, signifying your entrance into the
Cetaverse of Reality
.
↑
Also typable as BR^L for systems using ASCII or derivatives
↑
at times not even a barrel
↑
even combined, rayoed, tree ed, tared, etc