Boxial Core
Natural Position
Contained by
Most layers of their local
Boxes
(although the one an escaping object will end up in varies), and
Boxial Voids
Contains
One layer of their local
Box
per core, and the same instance of
Hyper-Space
regardless of core
Scale
Dimensionality
𝜔+𝜔2
Diameter
Varies from 𝜔 to 𝜔
𝜔
LY
Kardashev Scale
𝜔
Contents
1
Introduction
2
Containment fluids
2.1
Distribution of containment fluids
3
Formation of Boxes
Introduction
[
]
Boxial Cores
are the central region of a
Box
, that also bind all of their Boxial layers together. This core maps positions to specific layers of the Boxes based on fluids on the exterior using containment fluids.
Containment fluids
[
]
The containment fluids can link two objects' containment together, and when different types are combined, an object can be contained by multiple objects at the same time. Additionally, the containers are randomly accessed based on which patch of fluid a particle escaped from. This is used to randomly link together the layers of the Boxes, and also to link
Hyper-Space
's containment to a random Boxial Core.
Containment fluids also only interact with
existence and nonexistence
, due to the fluids being a mix of those ranks alongside portions with no existence rank as a buffer. This allows objects of an existence state that is neither 0 nor 1 to not be bound by self-containment.
Distribution of containment fluids
[
]
Containment fluids are typically in large patches in the Boxial Core's exterior, specifically large powers of the transfinite ordinal
ω
{\displaystyle \omega}
. However, if an object exits through an intersection of two patches, it will get split up into many pieces.
Formation of Boxes
[
]
Before any Box develops layers, there's a scattered sea of mostly empty cuboid-shaped
Verses
(known as Subboxes) in its local
Boxial Void
, on the place it will be generated.
A simplistic image for the containment
The layers do not contain each other, until a collision happenes from an infinite amount of energy duplication in external sources.
This collision's force is so strong, that abstract concepts end up smashed into concrete objects. In the case of most if not all Boxes, the concept of containment ends up into small rocks, which later under immense pressure turn into containment fluids. These fluids are scattered throughout the majority of Subboxes in its local Boxial Void, allowing for two things:
Layers of the Boxes containing other layers.
Layers of the Boxes to be contained by multiple layers at a time.
These two concepts became the foundation of the modern state of most Boxes and Boxial Cores; each core is contained by a transfinite amount of Boxial layers, and each layer contains another layer.
This ends up not being the end of the process however, as the Boxes will eventually develop 2-
Finality
and their
Omniverses
later on, as seen in the Omniverse page. The fluids in the Boxial Core near to the Boxes stabilize over time, while also absorbing
0-existence and 1-existence
from their generated Boxes. This prevents objects that were not those ranks from getting trapped within the Boxes, which would lead to the latters naturally purifying their 0-existence and 1-fm existence attributes.