Brown Ring
Natural Position
Contained by
Cyan Ring
Contains
Pink Ring
Scale
Dimensionality
Pink Ring
dimensionality + 1
Diameter
weakly '"`UNIQ--postMath-00000001-QINU`"' to
Pink Ring
Kardashev Scale
Brown
The
Brown Ring
is a large ring-shaped object that comes after the
Pink Ring
in the Ring chain.
The
Brown Ring
is mostly used as an accelerator for transportation, as the immense forces that guide the ring create winds that speed up oncoming ships to
inaccessible speeds.
The center has a perpetual vortex, which has a speed that is currently unknown.
The
Brown Ring
is the point where dimensions start to grow exponentially.
By definition, the speed that the ships are sped up is directly proportional to the fastest it possibly can go. The factors that go into this are:
dimensionality, the laws that guide the ship and the verse it was made in.
The speed achieved will always be too fast to reach in any other manner, but things like wind resistance and drag can quickly slow the ship down.
Surface terraforming is impossible, due to the aforementioned forces, but the inside is completely solid and contains organisms.
This ring was formed accidentally, when two verses with extremely specific laws collided, causing a chain reaction to rapidly form a giant ring in the form of two brown worms eating everything in front of them. They flew for exactly 1
OYC
year and molded and merged together to create the Brown Ring.
The dual Ouroboros-esque collision was practically silent and caused no casualties, contrary to how
extremely large and monumental it was.
The collision happened in the span of 5 seconds, after that, the
Brown Ring
was born
.
The Brown Ring smells like dirt, and tastes like tree bark. This is still to be confirmed, as the source was a sheet of paper at the local KFC restaurant.
The Brown Ring Administration artificially created the Guardian of the Brown Ring, as it did not already exist like the Guardians in the others rings. The Administration heavily guards the Guardian, and very little is known about it.
Note:
Do not attempt to stop the Brown Ring's acceleration properties by literally throwing a monkey wrench in the works. It will transform into a hammer. The reason why is because the Brown Ring contains "Hammkers," which will turn things into work gadgets, mostly hammers. For some reason, it only works on monkey wrenches due to it rotating so fast.
Tier One
The Existence
Time and reality
Time, Reality, and... The Other Thing
MORE
Bandiverse
Tier Two
Blue Ring
Red Ring
Green Ring
Yellow Ring
The Double Existence
Orange Ring
Purple Ring
Pink Ring
Brown Ring
Cyan Ring
White Ring
Tier Three
Grey Ring
Black Ring
Gamma Ring
X-Ring
Ultraviolet Ring
Light Ring
Infrared Ring
Microwave Ring
Radio Ring
Final Ring
The Triple Existence
Tier Four
The Quadruple Existence
Cceh
Kceh
The Big
Bignoseverse
DDonut
???
The Great Tesseractagonverse