Caneverns
Caneverns
Scale
Dimensions
Every directional concept throughout all
Limits of Maths
Size
Impossible to match with the given size of any smaller object no matter the mathematical operations preformed on its size.
Kardashev Scale
Tarnished
Location
Contained by
Final Universes
Contains
Limits of Maths
Being spaces that have changing territory as they advance in every described direction of their
Limits of Maths
, the
Caneverns
are locations that cannot be described with any mathematical system or definition, even now I have changed the definition of "plural" to mean "a repeated object". Caneverns is a vast expanse of tunnels that run throughout other systems of tunnels. Describing any numerical meaning to anything in Caneverns would be useless due to it being literally beyond the concept of math, containing every number system including arbitrary and useless ones such as 1398=78pi and +==. Caneverns is home to several entities known as Stringtanglers, who wish to tangle the tunnels in which Limits of Maths are, aren't, were, weren't, why, whyn't ... @i&(!, and @i&(!n't.
The Stringtanglers
[
]
The Stringtanglers will, after tangling tunnels, attempt to mash the tunnels together to make unstable mathematical systems known as Unlimits of Maths that act a bit like
Glitchonicite
to Limits of Maths but on a much larger and more fundamental scale. When a Stringtangler consumes an Unlimit of Math, it becomes much more powerful and more chaotic, but not in a mathematical sense, more chaotic as in becoming similar to
Chaos
. Afterwards, it repeats this process until it stops. When it stops, it begins to gain a bit of the personality of Chaos, which is unfortunate for you if you don't want to die, as many species do due to the process of evolution in Universes only selecting the ones that survive.
Once a Stringtangler surpasses the point of Chaos, Chaos himself is assimilated into the personality of the Stringtangler, making it a Trancendental Stringtangler. Trancendental Stringtanglers are either obsessed with ordering, disordering, or placing Canevern's tunnels in a specified manner, or travelling around and looking for powerful things to aid or destroy throughout Caneverns.