Scientific depiction of the Chungination Shatter
The Chungination Event
is an event-object in the fabric of Outer Time Space, where it causes various objects in space to be destined to look like Big Chungus at some point eventually. This is not the reason for every object that looks like Big Chungus, but plenty of them are because of this event.
Chungination Shatter
[
]
The Chungination Event, being an object, is vulnerable to destruction from other objects in Outer Time. At one point, it collided with a currently unknown event and shattered into multiple similar events, such as the Mogification Event where certain objects are destined to look like Moguses. A large chunk of the original Chungination still exists, which is why it still functions. It is unknown exactly what the original Chungination Event did, because it is no longer intact and cannot currently be studied.
Artist's depiction of the Chungination Shatter.
Effects
[
]
The effects of Big Chungus appearing throughout the history of everything are surprisingly small. When he does appear, it is often for only a short time before normal local time takes back over and the object turns into a non-Chungus shape. In some cases, the results can affect entire civilizations. On one occasion, a mountain became a statue of Big Chungus after a civilization was attempting to demolish it. The citizens were baffled, but the next day the statue had decayed into a pile of gravel. Multiple civilizations after this would use Big Chungus as a symbol of determination, strength, or luck.
The Mogification Event, once united with the Chungination Event, also has had some effects on societies. Multiple civilizations have modeled astronaut suits on appearances of Mogus, and it has gotten them a headstart into space exploration.
By studying odd coincidences throughout the history of verses, people have found suspects for results of the original Chungination Event before the shatter, but no solid proof that any one of them is the original Chungination, or even that they aren't simply coincidences. The search goes on.