Introduction
[
]
Compaverse
Scale
Size
~400 septillion light years
EUSI
6
Finality Index
N/A
FOEI
(0, 1)
Dimensionality
7+3
Kardashev Scale
9
Properties
Class
1
Life Percentage
80%
Position
Contained by:
Zettaverses
,
Yottaverses
,
Stellarverses
,
Berverses
Contains:
Universes
and
Megaverses
The
Compaverse
is a very Complex Universe giving its name. This Universe nearly breaks all laws of physics the Universe is very stretched out it looks like a balloon. This universe is expanding, almost every year it expands 400 light years a year. It is now 10 to the billionth power, and if you traveled light speed through, it would take 400 septillion years to go one side to another side.
The Compaverse also houses planets outside the universes these
planets
range to small
Pluto
like planets to supermassive
Jupiter
's these planets are also most cabile of life (The Pluto planets) if you look you can see water and possibly of rings these rings also damaged the planet some are just barren and full of magma Its recommended not to land on these planets because you could land in a spot of magma. Some planets can be tidal locked to so if you get confused that's, why some probes have been shot into this Universe 9 images have been now.
History
[
]
This is an example to show how solar systems forming in a different Universe are similar
This Universe formed from
unique particles
like
Blueprint particles
then made this Universe and when it formed a rip happened making it 400 septillion light years long. When it was formed in the first Nanoseconds its first formed
stars
these stars are very brightened almost bigger then
UY SCUTI
. The
galaxies
here have the most candidates for life some do have life as it was observed from a space probe images with animal like creatures on its surface, some of these creatures have large fangs and serrated claws. When these planets formed somewhere unlucky enough to be formed outside of their galaxies and are now considered
rogue planets
some of these planets get sucked into
blackholes
early on in the planets lives, Some scientist observed Transmissions from these planets almost like distress signals like this signal that sounded like screaming for help and loud roars scientist were confused by this and tried to speculate it only to get as a result in nothing other than the discoveries this universes backstory is unknown all of this is confidential and speculation. The planets formation and everything else you need to know will be listed here. The formation of these planets are just like the ones in our solar system take this for example the Elias 2-27 planetary disk the planets that mostly form are Rocky and full of nothing and some are full of life
Info
[
]
the formations of these planets mostly appear on irregular gravity forces and the
solar system
forms like ours did 4.5 billion years ago. (Just to make it clear)
A rocky world that can be a candidate for life you can see clouds rolling over the purple surface
Alber-546aty-123243h as its seen in a normal state to the right of it can be seen a blue dot
The first planet we will be talking about this photo was taken as it was cloaked in a deep haze
A speculated habitable planet capable having small forms of life Nasa hopes sending Rovers there
This universe has a lot of confirmed exoplanets and stars we will be talking about all of them in this paragraph (you'll be here for a while). First up is the Abler planets (there are 10 planets discovered in this solar system) the first one is Abler-78byt-091821 a gas planet that was formed by helium and asteroids. Regularly it can be seen cloaked in a deep haze when there is no deep haze little chunks of land can be seen floating around the core this sight is very very rare. Next up is Alber-546aty-123243h A supermassive gas giant that is like any other gas giant but this giant has frequent acid rain storms that can burn even an atom this acid is so strong that if you put a space probe into it, it would be destroyed in mere seconds some probes collected some acid samples and it was tested and the results were quite deadly one person almost died but after that it was tested on a plant and the plant burnt to a crisp. next up is Aliber- 2345zty-0lu7834 a terrestrial planet this plant is speculated to have very small forms of life Nasa is hoping to send rovers to the surface of the planet and collect some samples of dirt and the water. Aliber-9182cy-po9234 is a type of terrestrial planet but there is a difference (as usual) the ground is purple and there are volcanos bigger than the ones on mars these volcanos rain solid glass and possibly Magma or Ice nobody knows why the planet is purple theories suggest a chemical seeped into the creation of this planet and made it purple. The clouds are like any other normal clouds, and they rain acid making some forms of life impossible trees on the planet and made of ash.