Continent of Eternal
A picture of our continent of Eternal, however it's missing a lot of detail.
Size
Size
Variable; ours is 2,850,000x larger than the average
city of eternal
.
Dimensionality
Unknown
Position
Contained by
Earth of Eternal
,
Transcendent universes
Contains
Cities of eternal
The
continents of Eternal
are enormous landmasses dotted by many
cities of Eternal
. However, only one (the largest of all the cities) in our continent of Eternal has more than one
COE corporation HQ
. The continent also has numerous other companies that constantly compete for more influence over the continent as a whole.
They have a strange appearance, consisting of pale pink land and murky greenish water which has special properties that will be mentioned later on in the article. Since it is just one of many continents in the
Transcendent universe
, the size, shape, color, and temperature all vary drastically depending on the continent. A strange quirk of all continents of Eternal is that temperature increases as altitude increases, and vice versa. This is exactly the opposite of what happens on
Earth
!
The cities in the continent of Eternal have gone to war with one another many times in the past and will continue to do so in the future, caused by many different things. Because of this, technology here has continued advancing at a steady rate with no signs of stopping any time soon.
Quintessence water
[
]
Quintessence water
is the murky green water in the oceans surrounding continents of Eternal and is the main source of sustenance for all life on every one of them. It holds all nutrients necessary for life, but it isn't the sole way life can get them. Many more intelligent organisms make different kinds of foods because drinking only quintessence water gets boring after a while.
Another odd property of quintessence water is that it changes color based on its temperature. This makes things look quite strange when viewing the Eternal plane as a whole, because of the high degree of variability compared to the colors of the continents, which are all the same.