WIP DO NOT DELETE
Normal
Weakened State
Creation
Name
Creation
Rules Over
The Giftbox
Age
Same as Nihil's
Size
Nihil-sized (Normal Form)
Power
Equal to Nihil's
Goals
To purge all nothingness into oblivion.
Behavioral Moral Alignment
Depends on the viewpoint.
Creator
The
In-Betweener
Creations
The Eternalities
Creation, or Nihil's Opposite is the God of Creation, being a direct descendant of the
In-Betweener
. Their purpose is to cleanse the omniverse of all nothingness, and they created The
Eternalities
to aid him in that goal. They are an immortal being, who was born from the In-Betweener, the Creator of the Allsphere. When I say that they were born from them, it's an over-exaggeration. The God of Creation was actually created by them, and they were made using a part of their very soul, so they are basically an extension of their will, in more ways than one..
They have been alive since the start of this Giftbox's history. They have witnessed the In-Betweener's rise to power, they watched the other
gods
come into being, and they watched the war between them. The God of Creation created their own realm in the
In-Betweener's
Realm, and have been residing there ever since. Creation is a very prideful and haughty God, and he thinks every other Gods creation is absolutely inferior to that of The Eternalities. He's extremely ruthless, and doesn't mind purging entire sections of reality to cleanse all nothingness. He has a deep hatred of Nihil, as their beliefs and viewpoints are complete opposites. Creation also has a tendency of talking about themselves in the third person, and he calls mortals "mortal" or "insect" very frequently. They also have a habit of thinking that anything that isn't The Eternalities are utterly weak.
They are also quite lazy, using The Eternalities to do most of the heavy lifting. As a result, he spends most of his time in his Palace at the centre of all existence. He's also the closest thing to an 'Almighty' in the Giftbox. No other God or being has ever come as close to him in terms of power and influence. He usually doesn't pay much attention to mortals, but he has been recently due to Nihil seemingly vanishing. Since he believes The Eternalities to be the greatest creation to exist, Creation doesn't get along with the other God's very well. He views them as lesser Gods, and believes that everyone should worship The Eternalities over any other God. He's also very confident, even to the point of it coming across as arrogance. He believes that nobody or nothing can stand in his way. Due to this, he has a tendency to underestimate his opponents. Creation also rarely intervenes in events or conflicts going on throughout the
Allsphere
, unless it's to aid The Eternalities or if he's bored. He'd rather watch things unfold from afar, and he's been known to manipulate events and people to cause conflict, just purely for the fun of it.