Crichurr
An artist's representation of The Crichurr (hint: the artist has no self-esteem and has blue hair and hoodie)
Rules over
Nothing
Age
65465 OYC
Size
Started at approx. 1.7 quarks in size, now half a
Gigaverse
's upper bound.
Knowledge
Is actually not quite smart. It just follows it's instincts.
Power
Eating stuff, splitting into smaller copies in a hivemind, it actually uses this as part of it's defense mechanism.
Goals
just eating
Species
something
The Crichurr is a cosmic entity that started out almost powerless, it's only power was to eat quarks. It slowly grew over time by eating stuff. If a cosmic entity that's very weak compared to the Crichurr attempted to attack it, the Crichurr wouldn't mind, and would soon eat them if the attacker persisted. If an entity that's stronger than the Crichurr attacks it, it will activate it's defense mechanism.
It is currently being contained and cared for by a trans
teraversal
civilization.
Defense Mechanism
[
]
When a cosmic entity attacks the Crichurr, this is less likely now due to protection, it will first split into smaller copies of itself, then most of it runs away together while a small amount of them eats a small hole into the threat. If a copy is killed by the threat, one of the copies still alive will eat the remains and split back into two living copies, replacing the dead copy with a living one. Once there is a hole eaten into the threat, the rest of the copies run into the hole and eat the threat from the inside. If the threat is still somehow alive, the copies come to the original hole and eat the edges of that hole, making it bigger until the threat is completely consumed. They then slowly fuse back together.
Events
[
]
Many things have happened to the Crichurr.
Time
Event
54,102 OYC BC
A fluctuation in the flow of the local
Primordialverse
's existence corrupted a Primordial Particle structure around the same size as the Crichurr in it's 1st moments of life (approx. 1.7 quarks) into the Crichurr.
54,098 OYC BC
The Crichurr is now at the size of an atom. An advanced civilization detected the Crichurr and put it in containment, to be studied. It is periodically fed water molecules. It took 4 OYC to get here because it takes longer to eat things based on the size of the object being eaten compared to the size of the Crichurr.
54,084 OYC BC
The walls of artificially generated material designed to prevent the Crichurr's escape can no longer hold in the Crichurr. The water molecules have fed him to where he has grown strong enough to eat the material. The civilization panics as the Crichurr eats all the material and study tools. The civilization is ordered to evacuate as guards attempt to stop the Crichurr, but the Crichurr kills the guards in an act of defense. The Crichurr escapes back into a wild environment.
41,579 OYC BC
The Crichurr is now at the size of our
Sun
. A new civilization attempts to exterminate The Crichurr, but The Crichurr replicates into basically an entire economy, then bee-swarms the civilization, using it's defense mechanism and insane amount of copies to eat multiple members of the civilization at once. The Crichurr once again survives.
456 OYC
2 civilizations go to war with eachother, but they weren't able to stop the Crichurr's will to check out the war. Civilization B (the one at war with the civilization that is currently caring for the Crichurr) spotted the Crichurr and decided to attack it. Civilization A then also spotted the Crichurr injured after it started emitting sounds of kittens crying, and brought it to safety. They grind up verses they found that are around the Crichurr's size at that time that are confirmed to be safe then bring them to the Crichurr to feed it.
Present
The Crichurr is currently around 500 nonillion LY in size, and has been a friend of the civilization containing it for thousands of OYC. I'm not gonna do the same thing I did for Egg-Space and add stuff about the future though.