Cruel Simulation Run By A Collection of Idiots With a Collective IQ of About 8
Scale
Dimensions
more than 1
Size
32 Km
Kardashev Scale
10 coloni
Location
Contained by
HQ
Contains
Omegasm
As the name implies, Cruel Simulation Run By A Collection of Idiots With a Collective IQ of About 8 is a cruel simulation run by a collection of idiots with a collective IQ of about 8. The people who actually control the simulation are actually very intelligent, with an average IQ that is off the charts and cannot be measured by any means currently available, but the bosses of these people who tell them what to do are the stupid people who run it. The people who work there are called Bokos and the people who run it are called Nokos. Due to the gap in intelligence, this simulation has a surprising amount of thought put into it, despite the stupid and cruel things they were making, but after
Alphasm
, the understanding of what would go next dipped into the abyssal caverns of Hell.
Bokos have a very high paycheck, because all the Nokos that gave them a lower paycheck didn't have as many workers come to work, meaning they had less money, meaning thay had less food, meaning their lifespan was shorter. People with shorter lifespans have slightly less opportunities to give birth, and through the process of natural selection, the Nokos who paid Bokos low amounts of money were weeded out. Since the pay is high, very many Bokos work at Cruel Simulation Run By A Collection of Idiots With a Collective IQ of About 8, causing things to be created surprisingly fast, they can do one infinitesimal of an infinitesimal of the work done by Sanic in less than a voidsecond in just over 300 million eternities, which means that they work at unfathomable speeds.
Nokos, although very stupid, do have desires, in first place is creating the largest verse, in second place is to one up the last verse, in
third place
Zeroeth place is to make things that completely contradict themselves and contain themselves and lashing out at people who point out their mistake. As you can see, Nokos don't care about much more than that, although in 1.5th place "rakin' in the cash" and in -1st place was fornicating.
An image of the smartest Noko ever, who had an IQ of 2.3
An image of the Boko who earned the title Employee of the Month last OYC
Facts about
Cruel Simulation Run By A Collection of Idiots With a Collective IQ of About 8
:
1.
Gammasm
pondered for a while and predicted the existence of this verse.
2. Omegasm or possibly Omegasms are the most powerful entity/entities in this simulation.