Daleun
Rules over
Nothing
Age
At least a few million
OYC
Size
Can change size at will, usually chooses a size around the size of
The Tessinder
but will become much smaller when consuming smaller verses
Knowledge
Extraordinarily high
Power
Extremely high
Goals
Unknown; to feast on verses/cosmic entities and survive off of them
Species
Unknown
Introduction
[
]
"다른 사람과 함께 또는 때로는 혼자서 문장을 구성하는 데 사용되며 일반적으로 쓰거나 인쇄 할 때 양쪽에 공백이있는 것으로 표시되는 말이나 쓰기의 뚜렷한 의미있는 단일 요소입니다" (daleun salamgwa hamkke ttoneun ttaloneun honjaseo munjangeul guseonghaneun de sayongdoemyeo ilbanjeogeulo sseugeona inswae hal ttae yangjjoge gongbaegiissneun geoseulo pyosidoeneun malina sseugiui ttulyeoshan uimiissneun danil yosoibnida), usually known just as "다른/daleun" (meaning "other" in Korean) an extremely dangerous entity residing within various places/hierarchies in
The Clock
that is capable of destroying verses by "impaling" it with an extremely long finger of sorts, and then shredding it apart to consume the verse. 다른 does the same to cosmic entities, and seems to prefer CEs more than verses.
Appearance/Anatomy
[
]
다른 has an strangely humanoid appearance, with no discernable head and two tiny "legs" with no practical usage. 다른 has two extremely large arms with 4 grotesquely unproportional fingers with a sharp tip on each end attached to the end of each arm. It is unknown if 다른 is able to see, as it does not seem to have any visual apparatus and is shown to frequently use its arms to navigate around.
다른's "mouth" is able to change to whatever 다른 wants and is very flexible.
다른's entire body is very durable, and can survive
Glitchonicite
and even
Toxicium
weapons (albeit to a limited extent).
다른's brain is located roughly at the middle of its torso, and is able to regenerate incredibly fast to the point of seemingly instantaneous regeneration. Although 다른's brain is relatively small compared to its colossal size, it is proven that it possesses extreme intelligence, knowing of not just the
First Realm
but also of the Second Realm.
Language
[
]
다른 speaks in a broken form of a language known as "Korean" (the exact origin of the language is unknown, although it is thought to come from a specific LNB-7 type
Universe
that is roughly 93,000,000,000 LY in diameter). Although 다른 seems to know significant information about the language, it cannot speak the language fluently whatsoever.
다른 has been seen to say random bits of Korean every time it is consuming a verse, as well as when it is idle. As Korean is a very obscure language, no creature has currently been able to decipher what 다른 is saying.
A few instances of Korean it has been seen speaking have been recorded:
"하하 당신의 우주는 삼켜지고 아무것도 할 수 없습니다" (haha dangsinui ujuneun samkyejigo amugeosdo hal su eobsseubnida)
"나는 정말 똑똑하고 두 번째 영역에 대해 알고 아무도 나보다 똑똑하지 않습니다" (naneun jeongmal ttogttoghago du beonjjae yeongyeoge daehae algo amudo naboda ttogttoghaji anhseubnida"
"아무도 나를 이해하지 못해서 슬프다 사람들이 나를 이해한다면 나는 다른 사람들보다 내가 얼마나 더 나은지 자랑 할 수 있기 때문이다" (amudo naleul ihaehaji moshaeseo seulpeuda salamdeuli naleul ihaehandamyeon naneun daleun salamdeulboda naega eolmana deo naeunji jalang hal su issgi ttaemunina)