Dunkey Kong
Dunkey Kong.
Rules over
Anything he wants to but he chooses to rule over nothing. Possibly
The Programmer
Age
None. He has always been here and always will be here.
Size
He can change his size at will but he's usually at 85 meters in height unless he is battling another cosmic entity in which he will grow larger.
If he's just chilling he's 1.9 meters in size.
Knowledge
He is more than omniscient, He is literally uncomprehendable. No language can have a word to describe his knowledge.
Power
Omnipotent. He can destroy
Rreality
in less than a planck time and can completely incinerate all other cosmic entities at once but he chooses not to because he is good not evil. He is far beyond omnipotence and there is not an english word to describe his shear power because the brain would explode if it could see the true power on a screen. There isn't even a word in any language or any possible language to describe his power. The power is indescribable, inexpressable, unthinkable, unspeakable, unimaginable, inconceivable and is so immense all other CEs are just atoms and quarks to it. Approx. Class 10^10^100 level.
Goals
continue 2 troll chained kong
Species
Unknown, but is theorized to be many things. (Omnipotent Video Game Escapee, Ascendant Omni-god, or simply just Dunkey)
Contents
1
Info
2
Other cosmic entities vs dunkey kong
3
Verses vs Dunkey Kong
4
other things
4.1
other forms
4.2
cool fact
Info
[
]
Dunkey kong is a powerful cosmic entity that is not only >omnipotent and >omniscient but he is also >omnipresent.
He was created by
Alphasm
to be a sort of "second watcher" of everything, along with
Gerald
.
This is false. He surpasses every form of time itself and is therefore ageless.
Anything done to dunkey kong will be reversed and will actually just benefit him, also he regenerates everything negative done to him before it ever happens making him not only benefit but also not take any damage in the first place, on top of already being incapable of taking damage in other ways.
He sees time like a video editor, sees space and physical laws like a game developer would see models and scripts, can remove anything from existence and change literally everything about time. Apparently also a god but that's pretty obvious.
Anything short of vsaue in use of measurement of capability is an understatement.
(all paragraphs which existed below are useless and don't contain any new information)
Other cosmic entities vs dunkey kong
[
]
Note that just because entities are listed here does not mean dunkey kong has the intention of 1v1ing them or vice versa. He doesn't actually have any CEs to do anything about right now.
Itissocool
would give up at sight.
Furret
fights and dies or runs and is spared unless
Furret
did something very bad in which running won't save
Furret
so furret can die either way. If it’s a true battle, furret gets rekt.
The Seeker
would not attack Dunkey Kong due to his ridiculous power. If he did, however, the seeker would be annihilated in seconds.
Due to the big power buff of Dunkey Kong, he's technically stronger than
Gerald
, but Gerald can turn into his True Rage form and obliterate Dunkey Kong. However, both can instantly regenerate so a fight would just be pointless.
The Multi Omega
would be defeated instantly.
Alphasm
and Dunkey Kong are usually equal in strength, but if Dunkey Kong goes into his strongest form, Alphasm will be defeated.
Higher-level
Transcendent Omni-Gods
could technically destroy Dunkey Kong by erasing his page. However, no god will ever do that.
👁
one shoots DK
THE TRUE CREATOR
would almost destroy DK by sending is Omnipresent Omega light beams. But he can be obliterated with a
boxial
Atom accelerator, gaining more damage the bigger the beam gets.          (Damage = size)
THE 8 DIVINE GODS
will be obliterated in about 30 seconds
He
will wipe DK out of existence in a nanosecond
The almighty
will wipe DK from history in a
Voidsecond
Verses vs Dunkey Kong
[
]
Take into account the note in the other cosmic entities vs dunkey kong list and apply it too here.
Don't forget that dunkey kong only destroys verses for good reasons.
Glitch Core
gets a new property in which if it exists it immediately stops existing. (Dunkey Kong can make that happen.)
Smallestverse
can get taken out same way
Omnispace
would be.
Rreality
can be destroyed in any way dunkey kong would want really.
Absolute Relativity
is nothing to
Dunkey Kong.
Unabsolute Relativity
is child's play.
Indescribable
is also child's play.
The Absolute Pentagon
is just a
Cuhabsoverse
to dunkey kong.
The Nugget
is nothing to Dunkey Kong.
The Lettuce Leaf
is nowhere near big enough.
T H E W H A T
and
F R I D G E
are still nowhere near big enough to be indestructible
Omegabox thing
's shell can be destroyed and the insides can too.
Grand Ultimaverse
can be destroyed in a negative amount of time
Glueverse
can also be destroyed in a negative amount of time.
Pasteverse
is too small so he can destroy it.
Bezkonceverse
is also too small.
Next
can just be turned into a everyday object.
Finalboboverse
can also be turned into an everyday object.
He can destroy any verse in the generic hierarchy (this includes every part too)
Really, any verse can be destroyed by Dunkey Kong because he has an endless amount of abilities strength speed durability etc etc. The only way Dunkey Kong cannot destroy a verse is if a higher entity stops him from doing it.
The Sphere
is the one of the only objects that Dunkey Kong cannot destroy, no matter how hard he tries. Rumours are that a
Transcendent Omni-God
buffed this specific object, making it completely and utterly indestructible.
O r b
could survive for a few hours before the shell is destroyed
Hexegon
's shell can survive for a few million
OYC
before it is destroyed. only problem is DK can speed up time. The
Hexegon
shell can be destroyed instantly if he goes in the uh oh form.
Ate
Froot Tree
for breakfast
The Boxial
is also damaged beyond repair
He can in fact destroy any verse up to
Limit of Math
(and beyond due to his omnipotence)
He will step on your face
That's it
other things
[
]
other forms
[
]
nut
cool fact
[
]
not only does he have TCoE access, he has all knowledge about objects with a finality index.