Massive Page
We are to inform you, Journey to the pork/Fleshrot II is
over 100kB!!!
. These pages will almost certainly lag on lower end devices. If you have such a device, R.I.P. your 2017 phone.
"R.I.P your iPhone" - fish (2023)
Note: narrated sections start with the symbol "|". It is also recommended to swap bethween mobile and desktop view on mobile if necessary, since in some devices some of the source code (like colored text, for example) can't load / doesn't function properly in one of the views.
Warning: this episode is EXTREMLY long (almost twice the lenght of the previous episodes COMBINED, above 17k words), so watching it all at once may be overwhelming. Taking breaks bethween its sections is thus recommended.
Contents
1
Summary
2
Story
2.1
Prologue
2.2
The Zap
2.3
Rotting demise
2.4
Comeback
2.5
Embracing bloodlust
2.6
One last strike
2.7
The Leveler
2.8
Fleshian resistance
2.9
Brief victory
2.10
Within the flesh
3
Footnotes
Summary
[
]
The four chosen former
Blueprint Particles
meet their first real opponent(s)... and ally.
Story
[
]
Prologue
[
]
—
So... yea. What happened on the previous episode was weird, to say the least...
I won't be talking for longer about it, though. Let's just continue the main narration, shall we?
G
ood
.
The Zap
[
]
|The Fleshverse's borders were quiet. No giant dangerous worms or insects, no blobs with special bullsh*t abilities, nothing. This was BEFORE the latters arrived, hence the oddly calm ambience.
Things would quickly change though, as an unknown entity warped into scene. Without saying a word, it aimed its hand towards the flesh, and released an energy zap which hit the verse, that initially seemed to do nothing as it didn't leave a crater or something similar.
Though, whatever this being did to the world with the zap forced the lifeforms hidden within the Fleshverse's borders that were close to the impact zone to unburrow themselves out of it just a few seconds later, like earthworms when they sense a threat inside the dirt they're in.
Earthrotters of several sizes mostly were the ones trying to escape, but as soon as they emerged they met their demise, as they started getting destroyed by this invader right after, like if they were nothing but irrelevant distractions to its scheme.
What it had just done was that it released a miniature version of a
Cosmic Zaaaaaaaap
, an event that can distort the properties of the verses hit by it, along with generating new special lifeforms on impact.
Only two beings were made by this zap, though. The first one instantly left the area in order to search for more lifeforms to annihilate and absorb. Anything standing in the way of its creation should be as good as dead, including the decomposers of worlds.
Its creator then left the Fleshverse, as its task was done here. But what about the second specimen? Let's just say it now is... everything.
Rotting demise
[
]
|Back to the main story, the Earthrotter simply stood there for a few seconds after emerging from the ground, while also emitting a slight growl that was already able of shaking the terrain. It was like it knew that this was NOT what they expected when they first were told about these "giant flying beasts", and wanted them to observe what they just got into.
It was so large in fact, that despite it being +15 thousand kilometers away from the group, its gigantic silhouette was still easily visible for them, despite the extreme atmospheric effects caused by the distance. The glowth of its one red and shiny eye could also be noticed with ease.
—ARE WE SUPPOSED TO KILL THAT THING?!— Said Roko, who was staring at the Earthrotter in awe, unable to believe that it actually was their target. He was in denial.
—Yes. You have to.— Replied Astonish, who had no hesitation with its words, like usual. This HAD to be a joke... right?
—ARE YOU KIDDING ME, ASTONISH?!
—I mean, we already killed mountain sized worms with ease already...— Intervened Plotty, who was coping.— how bad could this be?
—THAT'S NOT EVEN CLOSE TO BEING THE SAME THING! (Roko)
—WE DIDN'T EVEN FIGURE OUT OUR LIMITS YET! (Plotty)
|While they kept on arguing with eachother about what to do now, the Earthrotter started to move towards them at a surprisingly fast pace for its size (a few thousands of kilometers per second). Each step it made was pretty much the equivalent of a big asteroid hitting the surface of the Fleshverse in terms of force, so it's not exactly quiet.
The fact its also constantly roaring at them now makes things worse regarding the noise. Somehow, even that wasn't distracting Plotty or Roko from their argument yet.
—I-IT'S GETTING CLOSER, STOP ARGUING!!!— Said Fugax, trying to make them focus on the actual issue. Yes, even the teammate that was known for being the scaredy one is willing to do this. Besides, it had no other choice.
—Oh... yea.— Said Plotty, who finally noticed that.— Don't worry about it that much, tho. This ugly thing is going to die this very instant, BECAUSE OF MEEEEE!!!
|As he shouts that last word, he launches towards the Earthrotter, in an attempt to ram agaisnt it, like he did with the worms a few minutes ago. Unfortunately for him, this only triggered the beast even more. The oversized arthropod's eye started to glow even redder than usual, just to then fire a giant energy blast of the same color, which travels at light speed towards the group.
Of course, since Plotty was the closest to it and had absolutely no f*cking way of dodging such thing, he got instantly hit.
—AAAAAAaaaaaa-— Shouted Plotty, whose screams quickly faded into nothing, as he was yeeted into the horizon. The other teammates are unable to see where he is now.
|To make things even more complicated, the explosion generated by the projectile was so bad, it was able to somewhat affect the other former Blueprint Particles, just because of the powerful shockwaves generated by the force caused by the initial impact. Friendly reminder that this was its FIRST and ONLY attack up until this point.
—Did... did we seriously lose a teammate already? This fast?— Corrus was both shocked and confused.
—Uh... yea, he may be gone forever.— Said Astonish, which only made the situation worse. It conveniently forgot to check the location of Plotty, though, so nothing was confirmed yet.
—I guess that's a lesson for us to know that we need to actually dodge things, and NOT be like him... (Roko)
|Interrupting them, the Earthrotter starts to shoot a lot more of those projectiles at them.
—OH SH*T!— Said Corrus and Roko, who along with Fugax try their best to not get hit by them, being barely able to dodge just a few, because of getting lucky more than anything else.
Another somewhat positive factor was that since they now were being spammed, and thus released uncharged resulted in them being smaller and weaker than the first attack, though they still were several tens of kilometers big (as a comparison, the big projectile was almost as large as the Earthrotter's eye).
Most of the spheres managed to hit them, not only because of their speed and/or size, but also due to the Earthrotter having an impressive, borderline insane accuracy despite its planetary size. Unable of approaching the monster or even getting out of danger for just a few seconds, they were getting overwhelmed, but at least they were able to keep on resisting its rampage unlike Plotty, who still was missing because of getting hit by the initial charged attack.
Roko and Fugax eventually had enough and tried to fight back, attacking with their own projectiles, but they were getting either intercepted by the Earthrotter's own firepower, or simply shrugged off if they somehow hit it.
—WHAT ARE WE SUPPOSED TO DO AGAISNT THIS THING?!— Said Corrus, who was seeing all the failed attempts of its teammates to somehow stop the enemy.
|Roko then gets an idea. He already saw Corrus erasing some things out of existence (the worms), after all... this gave him a potential clue to know how to get rid of these red and deadly "missiles" which are constantly hitting them with no mercy.
—CORRUS, TRY DELETING THE PROJECTILES OR SOMETHING, MAYBE THAT COULD WORK!— Finally said Roko.
|Even though Corrus doesn't reply due to him already being too focused on the Earrhrotter's attacks, he does listen to Roko, and thus tries to somehow make the energy spheres stop existing. Time to put it to test...
As he began his attempts to use his main ability, some of the projectiles started to glitch and lose their strength, and eventually they all started to fade away, not only the ones aimer agaisnt him, but even the ones focusing his teammates too. Roko's idea is turning out to be pretty effective, making the beast's firepower useless.
—LET'S GOOOO!!!— Said Roko again, who was now feeling that a slight chance of defeating this thing was there.
|The Earthrotter is quickly able to notice this, so it starts to focus all of its firepower agaisnt Corrus, though this means Roko and Fugax are now able to get out of there, without being shot this time.
Roko takes advantage of this, quickly rushing towards one of the creature's sides at hypersonic speeds, just to then start shooting at its head with his integrated gear, which mainly hits the Earthrotter in one of its antennae.
The explosion caused by his projectiles finally were somewhat effective, as they quickly destroyed the antenna hit by them since they no longer were being intercepted by anything. Despite this injury, the Earthrotter barely flinched since it wasn't a very sensitive part, though it still made it turn its attention towards Roko, enraged.
It proceeded to, and im not kidding, SLAP HIM with one of its legs, which was able to do with ease since it was incredibly agile for its size and had an insane eyesight. This obviously sent Roko flying, though the Earthrotter wasn't done yet.
Its eye then started to glow again with even more strength, to the point its glowth went from red to white. It proceeded to unleash a powerful beam aimed at Roko, which fully hit him and caused an explosion that left a giant crater in the ground. It pretty much was a planet-sized nuke.
What it didn't notice, though, is that both Corrus and Fugax took the chance to get closer to it while it was distracted using the ray, and they wasted no time to exploit that to their favor.
—IT ISN'T PAYING ATTENTION TO US! QUICK, ATTACK ITS MAIN SOURCE OF DAMAGE!— Said Corrus to Fugax.
|She doesn't reply, but still understands what to do.
They got on its head, then Corrus started to delete parts of it with his existence erasure, meanwhile Fugax started to shoot flames at its face, in attempt to melt its main "weapon", the eye.
This time, it finally started to roar in pain, as its head was getting wrecked by them. It tried to somehow get what was on its head off, though nothing was working. That was until it had enough and started doing a sonic screech, which repelled both Corrus and Fugax.
That prevented them from killing it on the spot, though it already got its eye heavily injured (as in somewhat melted) because of Fugax, along with almost losing its lower jaw because of some parts of it getting wiped out of existence by Corrus. It was also quite exhausted, as it had to use a lot of energy to do such a powerful roar.
Corrus and Fugax weren't in a good state either, though: both were stunned because of how powerful the noise was, and it pretty much hitting them point blank clearly made the situation worse. Despite its eye's injuries, the Earthrotter was still able to see them, so it started charging another beam to finish them off like it already did with the others... or at least that's what it thought.
Just moments before Corrus and Fugax met their demise, a HUGE chunk of the fleshy terrain was sent flying towards the Earthrotter, which ended up hitting it with so much force it fell. If its eye wasn't injured, it could've gotten a chance to dodge that, but unfortunately for it, that wasn't the case anymore.
—IM NOT DONE WITH YOU YET!— Said Plotty, who had a... very expected return, to be honest. Now things were personal for him, and he was angrier than ever in his (currently not that long) life!
Comeback
[
]
|He then dashed towards one of the Earthrotter's legs while it still wasn't able to get up, picks it and tries to lift the whole thing, which after a few seconds he ACTUALLY MANAGES TO PULL OFF. His ability to turn anger into strength finally began to showcase.
—W-what is happening...?— Said Corrus, who just now was able to snap out of the effect caused by the insanely loud screech of the Earthrotter. All he was capable of seeing was that the being was getting beaten up by something Corrus was unable to see due to the size difference and distance.
—I don't know...— Replied Fugax. She was able of recovering a bit quicker, since what she didn't know yet was that her potential abilities included healing.
—GUYS, GET UP! WE MAY ACTUALLY STAND A CHANCE, AFTER ALL!— Said Roko, who was also back and found Corrus and Fugax with the help of both Astonish and Plotty. Some damage on him was visible, but he overall survived the Earthrotter's ray decently.
—But we got beaten up by this thing... (Corrus)
—First, it didn't even harm you that much, stop overreacting. Second, Fugax can help.— Intervened Astonish.
—B-but how? (Fugax)
—When your creator mentioned you had tons of "special abilities which you'd learn over time", did you really expect that it would only consist of some mediocre telekinesis and weak fire manipulation? Or only offensive-based abilities at all?— Astonish is really getting a bit triggered, dang. —Do better, dude.
|Fugax gets sad, and to be honest that's fair.
—Oh... sorry, my bad. Though im not kidding when I say that you have a LOT of potential. (Astonish)
—And Corrus, Plotty and I don't? (Roko)
—Just not as much as Fugax when talking about abilities, of course you have a lot of potential too. You know what? I could give you some tips while Plotty is handling the situation.
|Back to the fight, Plotty slams the Earthrotter agaisnt the Fleshverse's terrain several times with so much strength that the ground fractures way more than before and powerful shockwaves are produced. After that, he swings it several times and then throws it in an attempt to make the Earthrotter hit the ground really hard. It looked like a neat combo at first, but what he forgot was that this thing had WINGS.
The Earthrotter was able to maneuver mid-air and recover stability, and when it did so it started to fly upwards with a speed that reached the tens of thousands of kilometers per second range. After reaching enough altitude, it started to plummet in an attempt to crash against Plotty and the others.
Plotty also takes flight, launching himself agaisnt the Earthrotter, but right before the inminent impact he moves sideways and punches one of its sides with so much strength its plummet gets canceled and is sent flying away again, this time crashing into the ground. The Earthrotter's body is now filled with dents, along with it struggling to even get up at this point, pretty much the opposite of what was happening before, when only Corrus and Fugax were left.
—GET. UP.— Said Plotty, though he wasn't even expecting that to actually happen. It was just to mock the beast.
|Then, the Earthrotter, who still barely was able of moving after Plotty's attack, started to think about everything that led up to this point. Not only it sensed its brethen die to these things, which came out of nowhere, but now their murderers want to eliminate it too? They... they can't just get away with that, IT CAN'T LET THEM!
Embracing bloodlust
[
]
|The Earthrotter finally stood up, and decided that it was time to use its last available tool, as a last ditch effort. With what it had left of energy, it thrusted its proboscis on the ground as hard as it could, making the latter begin to whiter, decompose and lose its color right after, even getting getting to the point some parts turned completly black due to how rotten they had gotten.
On the other hand, the arthropod began to glow red, getting brighter and brighter in a matter of seconds, so it was on a completly opposite situation to the ground's flesh. Its abdomen also started to get swollen up. It was glowing so much, things like its face was starting to get hard to even look at due to all the brightness blocking it.
—WHY DID YOU NOT FINISH IT OFF WHEN YOU HAD THE CHANCE?!— Said Corrus to Plotty, mad at him. Yes, the other three teammates finally were able to find Plotty again.
—How did you expect me to know THIS would happen? (Plotty)
—STOP TALKING AND STOP IT BEFORE IT KEEPS BECOMING STRONGER!— Said Roko, who right after those words started to shoot at the Earthrotter with all his arsenal, but the projectiles were getting dissipated before they even reached its body.
|What the Earthrotter was doing consisted of draining the energy of the terrain's flesh, in order to charge itself. It was doing it to the point of overcharging its own body, though, as it was desperate to find a way to win. This meant it was also releasing extreme amounts of heat.
It didn't use this ability before, as it didn't expect at first that it would have to use it until Plotty came back stronger. Most of the assimilated energy was stored on its abdomen, hence why it expanded.
It started to roar with more strength than when it did the sonic screech, and with this buff in strength it didn't even struggle to do it this time. Plotty didn't get intimidated though, and kept his position. Fugax (yes, she was there too), on the other hand, got behind Corrus, scared again for a quite logical reason.
Not everything related to this amp was good for the Earthrotter though, as its body started to emit small shards which were fractions of its body. It overcharged so much that it was slighty backfiring. For the former Blueprint Particles, it just looked like some menacing glowing steam / energy flow, but for the Earthrotter, this meant it was losing parts of its life, of its own self. But it didn't care at this point.
—So... do we strike all at once or what?— Asked Plotty to his teammates. What he did not notice was that they already launched towards the Earthrotter— ...oh...
|Plotty then took flight and caught up to his teammates, now being able to finally start a proper 4v1 agaisnt the enemy.
The Earthrotter tried to slap them again just like it previously did with Roko, but the limb that it used to attempt that got grabbed and stopped by Plotty, who now was trying to push it back towards its head to make it hit itself. It wasn't as easy to overpower it this time though, and they actually were tied with eachother.
The others obviously didn't remain still either. Corrus, Roko and Fugax flied towards its torax's back and started to spam attacks with every ability they had agaisnt it, while avoiding to get too close to its body to not risk getting dissipated too.
That, despite being unable to considerably damage it, was still noticed by the Earthrotter, who started to release the overcharged energy out of its body with more force, so it would push them back and stop further damage. Corrus, Roko and Fugax had to get out of there because of that, because otherwise they could've gotten burned.
This meant it would lose part of its amped strength though, which resulted in Plotty (who was able to endure the heat better) starting to gain the upper hand and finally making the Earthrotter's arm hit its own eye, damaging it even further. What he did not expect was that it would barely even react to that, as its body was already so messed up by the overcharge it could barely feel pain.
Plotty tried to keep shoving that arm even further, in an attempt to make it start to get pushed back and even lose some balance. That seemed to be working, until the Earthrotter started to shoot a ray from its proboscis, which hit both Plotty and by consequence its own limb, which got severed in that spot. Plotty was fortunately able to avoid getting knockbacked too much by the attack though, and somewhat tanked the ray head on.
Corrus, Roko and Fugax then got on the Earthrotter's eye, combining their firepower again and being able to finally destroy this part of the body, meaning the Earthrotter was now fully blind.
Just when it was about to do a sonic roar again out of desperation, Plotty dashed towards its throat and hit it so bad that any noise it was making before got instantly cut off due to its throat getting destroyed. Roko then went towards the severed limb and started to slash at it (with a blade he somewhat learned to use offscreen thanks to Astonish's help) until it finally detatched.
The Earthrotter had enough. It proceeded to do an extremly fast yet also long jump backwards to gain some distance, and then started flying forwards at full speed agaisnt whatever could be in front of it right after. Plotty was the unlucky individual in front of the beast, being unable to react and thus getting rammed point blank and sent flying away, AGAIN.
—Aaand now he's about 400 thousand kilometers away from us, from what my integrated localizator's data is indicating.— Said Astonish to Roko.
—AGAIN?! (Roko)
—Yea, again...— Astonish then noticed something... odd.— And let's just say he's not alone either.
One last strike
[
]
|The Earthrotter's body started to lose its red glowth even quicker due to all its injuries, meaning its overcharging would soon be over. The entire area, including the sky, currently was almost completly red because of all the shards it released up to this point.
Its once dark blue skin got incinerated and reduced to the point of now being completly black, since the overcharge burnt it because of all the heat generated by its use.
Then, the glowing suddenly dissapeared. Now, things like its facial features, or at least their remainings were properly observable in detail once more. Its eye wasn't even there anymore, it got burnt away. Its proboscis was bent and twisted, meaning the Earthrotter couldn't even gather external energy again. Even if that part wasn't damaged, the extreme injuries on its throat would still make it unable of absorbing the energy after trying to suck it. Its jaw also wasn't even there anymore.
—IT'S WEAKENED! LET'S FINISH THIS ONCE AND FOR ALL!— Said Roko, who then was followed by Fugax and Corrus. They all dashed towards the Earthrotter in order to continue the fight.
|I would say the term "fight" is quite a stretch though, as what truly happened could be simply described as the Earhrotter getting beaten up with no chance to resist. Yes, it still could move its limbs in an attempt to hit them, but without vision and energy in its extremities, it was completly hopeless.
They then went for its limbs, easily detatching them off its body. It tried to fly away, as its wings were the only thing left in a somewhat decent state, but just after taking off it crashed into the ground again because of the damage it had in general.
By this point, the Earthrotter turned into what could be described as a living corpse appearance-wise, except for one part of its body, the abdomen, which after the Earthrotter's wings proved to be ineffective became visible for Roko, Fugax and Corrus... what was actually happening all along in these last moments was that it was concentrating all the remaining energy on that specific section, making it glow to the point it wasn't red nor even pink, but straight up white. The others only were able to notice it now, after the arthropod's back became visible for them.
Its abdomen also had swollen up even more than before, now having almost double the size it once had before this fight started, before the Earthrotter rejected its wellbeing, and instead willingly embracing a bloodlust caused by its desire of revenge.
—W-WHY IS IT GLOWING LIKE THAT NOW?!— Said Fugax, who wasn't only frightened by the sight, but also disgusted by what this thing had turned into.
—IS IT ABOUT TO BLOW UP?!— Said Roko, who expected to have that question answered by his integrated device.
|The Earthrotter starts to fly upwards once more, expecting that to be the last time it would ever do that. Once it reaches a certain altitude, its abdomen starts... opening?
—It is about to do the equivalent of an orbital airstrike.— Said Astonish, who also was also observing the dreadful view.
—THEN LET'S GET OUT OF HERE, AND SAVE PLOTTY!— Said Roko, who grabbed both Fugax and Corrus and started to fly away as fast as he could.
|The Earthrotter was obviously unable of seeing where they were going due to its eye being gone, but who needs proper accuracy while being about to release an orbital airstrike?
The abdomen was gradually opening more and more, along with its glowth increasing. This is not good...
The Leveler
[
]
|Plotty was now in a giant crater, unintentionally caused by himself after crashing into the terrain, as a consequence of the dash attack of the Earthrotter.
—Not this again...— Said Plotty, who now was completly lost due to how much he got sent back this time. He could at least see the Earthrotter the first time he got sent flying as a visual indicator of where the fight was happening, but now not even that was possible.
|Despite that, he could still hear all the explosions and destruction, or at least that's what he thought..
He flied upwards to see more of the terrain, in case he could observe some visual cue of his current location, but instead he quickly noticed the terrain had a lot more craters than on the former area. Not craters like if something hit the ground at high speeds like he did, but as in several gigantic things having emerged from the ground, like the Earthrotter.
After that, he also noticed that explosions could be heard way more frequently than before (on the fight he previously was), like if there were more fights happening alongside his.
This started to worry him a lot, since at any second another one of those things could appear, and he would have to confront it alone, with no hope of external help arriving.
Then, the Earthrotter appeared, flying into scene and stopping relatively close to him. Seems like it came back for a second round... or so he thought. It now looked... different? since it had a dark green color scheme unlike the former dark blue.
Turns out that this WAS a separate Earthrotter, confirming that more than one of these things existed. This one was even larger, around double the size in fact! If the one he fought before was a "juvenile", like Astonish stated, then this could be an adult Earthrotter instead.
"This can't get worse" roughly was what Plotty thought in those moments, just to get proved wrong right after as a few more of them started to fly into scene along the first one. In total, over FIVE Earthrotters were now there, though none of the other ones were nearly as large as the specimen who arrived first.
"What the f*ck" was his new thought. He was already struggling agaisnt one JUVENILE specimen, and now a whole group of them, in which one of the Earthrotters was LARGER than the one he first fought was after him? He was SO screwed now. Right after, and with no hesitation, they all started to use their eye beams to shoot at... not him?
Oddly, they all were instead shooting at another direction, agaisnt something he couldn't see. Turns out they didn't even notice his prescence, after all. They were the reason so many explosions were heard.
His initial relief of not having to fight them quickly shifted into concern though, as the implication that these beasts had to get together as a group to fight whatever they were shooting at meant the chance of something even worse than them being there was possible.
They couldn't be fighting other Earthrotters, since Plotty noticed there weren't red projectiles coming from the opposing direction. These creatures clearly were cooperative with eachother, and not just a bunch of mindless monsters.
Then, one of the tiny Earthrotters was hit by several blue projectiles, which crippled it within seconds. It fell to the ground with several destroyed limbs and lifeless. The remaining specimens then began to shoot at the corpse, like if whatever they were fighting got on top of it. That was confirmed right after, as the deceased one started to glow blue and eventually faded away, which was something that Plotty didn't see as an ability of the Earthrotters.
Right after, another small Earthrotter met its demise thanks to getting beheaded by a blue-colored slash, then got split in half after another slice. This one also started to glow blue and dissapeared before what was left of it even got the chance to hit the ground.
One by one, the remaining undersized Earthrotters suffered a similar fate, either getting blasted or sliced to pieces, along with the same glowth erasing them. Whoever was doing this clearly was stronger and more dangerous than them, which made Plotty fear that it would go after him next. At least the largest one was left...
This one, agaisnt Plotty's expectations, actually managed to give fight to whoever its assailant was, pretty much doing anything possible to get rid of it. Blue projectiles and explosions could be seen hitting it constantly, which despite being able to injure it was still somewhat sustained by it. Of course, the Earthrotter was replying with its own red blasts, so overall the fight seemed to be tied. The view of constant red and blue flashes also was quite amusing, to say the least.
Then, the Earthrotter was able to smack its opponent, sending it flying agaisnt the ground and making it crash into the terrain, not too far from Plotty. This was the moment where he realized the beings could just notice him at any point of the fight and drag him into it.
He obviously could already see the location of the larger entity, so instead Plotty began to look everywhere to see if he could find the OTHER entity which was causing all this chaos agaisnt the Earthrotters. A blue figure was the last thing he saw before getting hit with roughly the same strength than the juvenile Earthrotter's ram. Whatever this thing was then grabbed him and slammed him agaisnt the ground, further damaging it.
Just then he was able to once and for all see what this being was and how it looked like in detail: it was shaped like a blue arrow with a single yellow eye, along with having a large glowing object attached to its back, shaped like the borders of a 10-pointed star with a similar color to its body. It also had floating hands with sharp claws.
THIS was the terror of the Earthrotters, sent to get rid of anything this universe had.
Levlupper
—————————
Leveler of the Zap
—Seems like those maggots weren't the only lifeforms of this world, after all.— Said the being, who then lifted him up in the air and tried to do an equivalent of grabbing Plotty's neck, but since he was shaped like a blob it had to resort to squishing him with both hands.
—W-WHO EVEN ARE YOU?!— Said Plotty, who was struggling to even talk due to how strong the grip of this thing was.
|Then, without even bothering to answer his question yet, it throwed him far away. Plotty crashed agaisnt the ground for the third time already, and the new opponent wasted no time to approach. He then got up and tried to punch it several times, but his attacks were barely having an effect at all.
—At least you're more sentient than them.— Finally said the Levlupper, who was slighty amused, but wasn't done with him.— Show me your worth, then.
|It proceeded to shot one highly charged projectile at him, just to see if Plotty was able to at least do something about it. The latter was able to stop it in place and deflect it, but he still ended up getting his hands burned by the amount of energy.
Before Plotty could counterattack though, the Levlupper dashed at full speed agaisnt him and punched Plotty with enough strength to send him flying again.
—Can't even properly fight back?— Said the Levlupper, a bit dissapointed due to it expecting more.
|Despite that, Plotty was finally able to properly recover from one of its attacks, now flying towards his opponent. The Levlupper does the same in response, and both clash mid-air.
—I HAD ENOUGH OF YOUR BULLSH*T!— Said Plotty, who was starting to gain the upper hand in the struggle.
|The Levlupper's eye then started to glow blue, and began to shoot a ray which hit Plotty point blank and pushed him back. Now that its hands were free, they also started to release energy attacks of their own. Plotty dodged some of the attacks and closed distance, just to get grabbed by the Levlupper and smashed agaisnt the ground again. And again. And again. AND AGAIN.
Before it continues doing that, Plotty punches it in the face and digs his fist in its eye, forcing it to move back, giving Plotty the chance to grab him, fly upwards and plummet into the ground while grabbing the Levlupper's back and using his opponent as a meat shield, making it end up receiving the full impact.
The adult Earthrotter then finally starts to attack, shooting its eye's blasts agaisnt both entities. Plotty is still holding the Levlupper, so he lifts and keeps on using it as a protection agaisnt the initial projectiles. Instead of just being hit by them and receiving damage though, the attacks get attracted to its body while dramatically shrinking down, and when they touch the Levlupper they end up doing nothing other than... making it briefly glow bluer?
For some reason, this started to burn Plotty's hands, since the Levlupper seemed to be absorbing the energy spheres and using their power to release heat. He throwed it agaisnt the Earthrotter just to get it off him, while it kept on assimilating the attacks and doing a brief glowth each time it did so, gradually glowing brighter and brighter. It didn't even seem like getting thrown was what made it move agaisnt the beast anymore, but instead it was like the Levlupper was intentionally dashing agaisnt it.
Each projectile was being shrugged off by it, up to the point it now looked more like a shiny blue lamp than anything else due to all the stored energy. What Plotty saw next consisted of a giant blue explosion hitting the Earthrotter, making it get sent flying away from him. The Levlupper then quickly went towards Plotty to continue its main fight.
Even though they began to once again have a tied brawl despite its range and ability advantage, Plotty knew something was off regarding its opponent. How was it able to oneshot a foe as powerful as an Earthrotter just by shining a bit, meanwhile without that glowth, it couldn't even take the upper hand in a battle agaisnt him?
Those thoughts quickly lost their relevance in Plotty's mind though, as a direct and deep slash to his face and a headbutt following it pushed him back and caused considerable pain. Despite previous injuries already doing noticeable damage to his body, this time he actually began to bleed for the first time.
—Finally.— Said the Levlupper, mocking Plotty.
|It then started to repeatedly slash Plotty, which kept on making him bleed more and more.
—G-GET OFF MEEEEE!!!— Said Plotty, who grabbed one of the Levlupper's hands and crushed it, then threw the being agaisnt the ground.
—...what...?— Said the Levlupper, staring at its now wrecked hand, not expecting that to happen.
|Plotty then dashed agaisnt it, but right before starting to punch the Levlupper, it used its remaining hand to brutally crush his body again, then shoot a ray from it only which forced Plotty to get hit point blank and lose focus.
—You just ruined any slight chance for me to have mercy on you.— Said the Levlupper again, and despite not shouting its words, the hatred in them was effortless to notice.
|It then charged upwards towards Plotty and slashed his face again to disorient him, draining more blood, then went down and grabbed a giant chunk of the terrain and... absorbed it?
Yes... the Levlupper WAS absorbing things all along for temporary and/or permanent amps. It all made sense now, including why the small Earthrotters faded away and that the more glowth it produced, the stronger it would be. It just didn't use it agaisnt Plotty before because of being overconfident. Its hand getting crushed really changed that point of view, though.
With this boost, the Levlupper began to ram Plotty so many times it could be defined as the latter getting speedblitzed. It wasn't holding back anymore. Each ram came along with another fierce movement of its hand's claws, each being worse than the previous one.
The Levlupper slammed Plotty agaisnt the ground again, and finally released all of its absorbed energy into one punch filled with rage and hatred. Plotty wasn't even able to fight back anymore due to how badly he was getting beaten up.
—Finally.— Said the Levlupper for the second time already.
A huge white flash of light on the distance then distracted the entity before it could continue wrecking Plotty, though. Just a few seconds later, a shockwave arrived, slighty pushing them back and distracting them. THIS was the orbital strike of the Earthrotter Plotty first fought. Even after the detonation though, more noise could be heard, sounding like an alarm went off as a result of the strike.
Before they could even say something about that though, they finally were reminded of the third fighter because of a strong roar, along with the sight of the ground's flesh decomposing and weakening even more than what it looked like after Plotty and the Levlupper's battle...
The adult Earthrotter obviously didn't just stay there all along, immovile after getting hit by the Levlupper while it and Plotty kept on fighting. It instead spent that time to recover and use its proboscis' energy syphon ability to gather power from the terrain's flesh.
This meant that his monster was on a similar state as the young specimen that Plotty fought a few minutes ago, though this one didn't have as much of a red glowth, meaning it had fortunately managed to not go too overboard with it, unlike the juvenile.
—W-WHY DID YOU EVEN TARGET ME?! THIS BEAST IS NOW GOING TO KILL US BOTH BECAUSE OF YOU GETTING DISTRACTED, YOU IDIOT!— Said Plotty, infuriated at the Levlupper. He used his remaining energy to even be able to shout those words, as he kept on bleeding.
—"Both"...? Nah, YOU are the one who's going to be its meal now.— Said the Levlupper, who then took flight, decided to abandon Plotty there.
|Right before leaving, though, it got recklessly rammed by a grey thing, making it crash into the ground. None other than Roko was the one who did that by accident and he, along with Corrus and Fugax, finally reached Plotty's location.
—PLOTTY, GET OUT OF HERE! THE EARTHROTTER RELEASED AN ORBITAL STRIKE, AND...— Said Roko, before getting interrupted by Fugax, who started to constantly tap his back to get his attention.
—Uh, Roko... (Corrus)
—What?
|Both Fugax and Corrus then pointed towards this new Earthrotter so Roko could notice it too.
—...THERE'S MORE OF THEM?!
—What did you expect?— Said Astonish, dissapointed.— I already told you there were other beings where Plotty got sent.
|The Earthrotter started to do a sonic roar again, just to then release a beam from its eye again. Roko, Fugax and Corrus started to shoot at it with everything they could, but then the Levlupper just went straight into the crossfire, and began to absorb all the energy of both attacks before it could hit anyone else.
—Who is that...? (Corrus)
—Oh it's just some bad guy, not as relevant as the fact that PLOTTY IS ABOUT TO DIE IF YOU DON'T AID HIM. (Astonish)
|Just then, the gang noticed Plotty was, in fact, laying on the ground, demolished after what the Levlupper had done to him.
—OH SH*T, YOU'RE RIGHT ASTONISH! FUGAX, DO YOUR MAGIC HEAL THING, FAST!
|Fugax doesn't answer Corrus' words, but quickly goes towards Plotty and tries to make her heal ability work.
—I... actually thought... that I was about to die...— Said Plotty with quite some struggle due to his blood loss, but his relief was still easy to notice.— Thank... you...
—WHO EVEN DID THIS TO YOU?!— Said Fugax, who still was extremly worried for Plotty despite his words giving her some relief. His body was so damaged, this would take a few minutes to properly recover from...
—T-the blue arrow thing did it...— Replied Plotty, who now had enough strengths to point at the culprit, who was now fighting the Earthrotter again.
|That battle was gradually turning in favor of the Levlupper, as it was absorbing as many attacks as possible and using their energy to counterattack its foe. Eventually, the arthropod had to retreat since it was getting overwhelmed by the "arrow". The latter could've chosen to chase it down, but it had more... personal stuff to deal with.
—Go ahead.— Said the Levlupper to Roko and Corrus after getting somewhat close to them. It still was somewhat charged from the Earthrotter's energy-based attack.
—By the way, this is the entity that left Plotty in that state.— Said astonish to Roko.
—Wait wh-— Replied Roko, interrupted by a punch from the Levlupper so strong that it dented his whole face, while also conveniently crashing near Fugax and Plotty.
—ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!— Said Fugax after noticing Roko. She didn't even finish healing Plotty yet.
|The Levlupper then looked at Corrus like if nothing happened.
—Were you his friend?— It said those words casually.
—I mean... n-no sir, I don't even know who he was! (Corrus)
—Good. But I still want to beat something up.— The Levlupper then grabbed Corrus in a quick move, and the latter was unable of getting off its grip due to how firm it was. The being's eye then started to glow again, being about to fire a beam agaisnt him.
|Something that everyone forgot to pay attention to was that weird alarm noise produced after the orbital strike. Because of the distance, it wasn't as easy to hear as what could be expected at first, but its prescence in the ambience still was clearly there.
It would no longer go unnoticed, though, as the noise increased in intensity and shifted into what could be described as a screech...
The Fleshverse's locals had enough.
Fleshian resistance
[
]
|Somehow, even after the orbital strike it had produced, the juvenile Earthrotter remained alive. Luckily for it, the arthropod didn't fall inside the crater made by the explosion, instead just crashing into the ground.
Of course, though, its abdomen was now gone due to it popping because of how much energy it was forced to hold.
It was also unable of properly getting up since only a single pair of limbs, specifically the ones from its torax remained. The only things it could do to move or even change its position at all was to either fly or crawl at this point, and both were highly ineffective.
Only the Earthrotter's hearing and touch were still there without major restrictions, so at least it could perceive that an alarm-like noise began to be produced extremly close to it. It tried to crawl away from the sound's source, not knowing what it was thus finding it as something terrifying. It didn't use its wings yet though, just to make sure not to break them.
Every second felt like an eternity due to how slow everything was going for the Earthrotter, and it quickly became desperating.
After a while, the noise got even worse and shifted to sound like something was roaring. The Earthrotter then had the idea to stop moving, as whoever was doing that noise could think it was already dead.
The next seconds were dreadful, as something that clearly sounded way larger and heavier than the Earthrotter itself seemed to have come out of the crater. Each step it took sounded metalic.
That wasn't even the worst part, though, as after hearing its steps come closer, what seemed to be one of the legs of that thing TOUCHED the Earthrotter. It fortunately wasn't stomping or crushing anything, and at most it only pushed the arthropod lightly.
Still, the latter thought it was about to die, but despite that it kept its immovile state, as maybe it could still end up working. The leg that was in contact with its body had a smooth but hard texture, and it felt like it could crush the Earthrotter's crippled body effortlessly.
After a few seconds though, the Earthrotter felt the leg getting off of its body, pressing agaisnt the ground again with a loud thud. After some more steps taken by that thing, the extremly loud sound of a thruster being activated was then heard, followed by the giant creature beginning to fly thanks to it, eventually leaving the Earthrotter alone again.
More thrusters were heard, but this time they weren't as loud. Seems like the giant entity that touched the Earthrotter wasn't the only one that emerged from the crater, instead being followed by smaller beings.
—Target found.— Said one of those individuals.
Some of them then shot at one of the legs of the Earthrotter, but they were dealing no damage. It could feel the explosions from the projectiles on its skin, but they were extremly small in comparison to the Earthrotter itself, so the latter decided to keep its act of being dead. The attacks stopped after a few seconds.
—Target is already deceased.— Said the same individual.
—Even if it was alive, it would've been irrelevant to our mission, anyways. Go towards the main threats instead.— Said another one.
—We'll use its biomass for fuel when we finish our duty.— Said a much louder voice, in a commanding tone.
|Everyone else listened, leaving the Earthrotter alone, who was unable to understand what just happened.
...
—Roko, I know this isn't the best time to say this, but more hostile entities are arriving. (Astonish)
—W-What...?— Said Roko, who despite still having the huge dent on his face could speak. Besides, Fugax already managed to heal Plotty so now it's his turn.
—ENEMIES ARE COMING.— Said Astonish, able to notice Rolo's confusion. It repeated its words in a harsher tone just to make sure Roko could understand them. Then, Astonish's localizator manifested in Roko's mind, so he could notice the current situation.
—WHAT?!— Replied Roko. This time, it wasn't a "what" of confusion, but one of shock. An entire fleet of entities were aproaching to their location, traveling at hypersonic speeds towards them. Most came from the direction of the orbital strike, but other directions also marked incoming threats.
—Roko, what's wrong...?— Said Fugax, who didn't hear Astonish's words because of her being focused on healing Roko.
—WE'RE ABOUT TO GET SURROUNDED BY MORE POTENTIAL ENEMIES!
|Then, the Levlupper, despite not hearing Roko's words, released Corrus. The sound of the distant alarm triggered something in it...
—Embrace for impact. (Levlupper)
—Huh...? (Corrus)
|Just as anticipated, an entire space fleet began to warp into view, surrounding everyone within seconds. Each individual spaceship was as large as a mountain, and had different size and shapes.
Some had extremly complex designs, full of extremly odd-looking gear, while others had quite... simpler designs, as in literally being shaped like fleshy trapezoids with pores on their surface. In fact, these ones were the largest ships of the fleet by a WIDE margin, dwarfing the rest.
—WHAT EVEN ARE THESE THINGS?! (Plotty)
—YOU'VE DONE MORE THAN ENOUGH TO OUR WORLD, OUR HOMELAND. SURRENDER NOW, OR FACE DEATH.— Said one of the spaceships through some integrated speakers.
—H-Homeland...?— Said Fugax, frightened but also confused.
—Remember that we are on the BORDERS of this universe... of course its insides would have more life.— Said Astonish— Notice how they even look like beings originated from this world.
|Astonish had a point, since these machines had a similar (reddish) color and texture to the ground's flesh.
While Roko, Fugax, etc. are observing these new beings in awe, the Levlupper isn't as concerned.
—The only ones facing ME, will be YOU.— Said the Levlupper, expecting that a fight agaisnt the spaceships would now take place.
|The next seconds were uncomfortable, though, as it forgot that the beings controlling the spaceships couldn't really hear it due to the distance and size difference...
The Levlupper sighed and shot one projectile agaisnt one of the spaceships in order to trigger them, destroying the attacked target instantly.
—A TARGET HAS OPENED FIRE, ATTACK!— Said another spaceship.
|Of course the remaining fleet began to fight back in response, most attacking everyone else with their own missiles. Others had different combat styles, though, like shooting lasers, dropping swarms of smaller spacecrafts, or even having robotic arms for melee combat!
Fugax was still busy trying to heal Roko, but had the capability to at least deflect and send the projectiles back at the attackers. Even Roko himself began to shoot a bit.
—I ALREADY HAD ENOUGH OF YOU, STUPID FLYING MEAT PIECES!— Said Plotty, who began to fly and get on top of the spaceships, then quickly getting rid of them with his punches right after.
|The Levlupper was doing something similar to Plotty, while also shooting some of them down with his blue projectiles. It didn't even bother to absorb their attacks.
Most of the melee spaceships began to swarm Plotty, but as time passed he got angrier, which meant he got stronger and thus more capable of "dismantling" them.
The only mechanical brawler that somewhat gave him trouble seemed to be an elite troop (indicated by its larger size and more advanced gear), which even after losing one of its arms in the fight didn't cower, instead picking it up with the intention of using it as a bizarre equivalent of a stun baton, as its tip was now emitting sparks of electricity because of the damage.
—En garde, scum.— Said the spaceship before launching towards Plotty and trying to swing its arm at him, though its cool words didn't matter, as Plotty flied towards it and punched it with more strength than before, making it lose control and crash into the ground, destroyed.
|Just for finding it amusing, though, Plotty began to swing that same detatched limbs agaisnt smaller ships, which despite being way weaker than his fits still proved to be somewhat decent agaisnt his opponents.
On the other hand, Corrus, Fugax and Roko were getting swarmed by thousands if not TENS of thousands of smaller spaceships, who emerged from the pores of larger, trapezoid-shaped ones, clearly indicating that the latters had the functionality of carriers in the fleet, so the ones they stored were "carried" spaceships instead.
Fugax was able to crush many of them with her use of telekinesis, but since she was still busy healing Roko, the one who had to do most of the combat was Corrus, who managed to erase tons of them with ease. Their sheer numbers was still making the task of getting rid of all of them hard, though. The fact she also somewhat felt pity because of having to kill things didn't help either.
—FUGAX, TELL CORRUS TO CORRUPT THEIR MINDS INSTEAD OF ONLY USING THE EXISTENCE ERASURE ABILITY!— Said Astonish, as it couldn't just move and say that to Corrus by itself.
—He has mind control abilities too?! (Fugax)
—YES, NOW GO AND DO WHAT I TOLD YOU TO DO!!!
|Fugax hesitated a bit, unsure about leaving Roko there, vulnerable to the enemies.
—Im going to be okay, don't worry...— Said Roko in order to calm her down.— Besides, you already healed me a lot, so im going to be grateful. Thank you, Fugax.
|Fugax smiled softly at him, as this was one of the first compliments she ever heard in her currently short lifetime. She then took flight, moving towards Corrus in order to deliver Astonish's words.
The "carried" spaceships mostly focused on her at first, but after a few seconds they changed targets, now shooting at Roko instead.
Despite the huge dent still somewhat remaining on his face, which was weakening him, Roko still managed to take his enemies down with his integrated ranged gear, such as missiles, energy blasts, bullets, etc. He didn't bother using melee gear though, as it wouldn't be effective agaisnt swarms. The strategy was working, and eventually all the enemies focused on him were gone, turned into dust.
—CORRUS, WAIT, YOU HAVE TO HEAR THIS!— Said Fugax, as she reached Corrus and moved to his left.
—IM ALREADY BUSY GETTING SWARMED BY THESE THINGS, BE QUICK!— Said Corrus, as he kept on glitching or erasing both projectiles and spaceships out of existence.
—ASTONISH TOLD ME YOU CAN MIND CONTROL OTHER BEINGS, SO TRY DOING THAT!— Of course Fugax didn't remain still while talking to Corrus, instead deflecting projectiles with her telekinesis in order to be somewhat helpful.
—Control... other... beings...?— Replied Corrus, shocked because of what he was told he could do. He was so surprised in fact, he stopped fighting the spaceships for a few seconds, and instead just stood there.
—Uhhh... Corrus, are you okay...?— Fugax noticed how Corrus just stood there, almost motionless. She could still handle the enemy projectiles, meaning they wouldn't get overwhelmed anyways, though it still was odd.
—Y-Yes, im okay...— Corrus starts to shiver a bit, like if he was struggling to control himself, then he starts to shout.— ...BECAUSE MY ABILITY CAN DO MORE THAN ONE SINGLE STUPID THING, LET'S GOOOOOO!
|Corrus then flied towards the spaceships, as he began to beat them up with his fits, trying to somehow make the ability Fugax told him about work. Since he could already erase things with his mind, he tried to do something similar but focusing his thoughts on controlling the enemies instead, in an attempt to make this supposedly alternative ability work. On the other hand, Fugax left in order to keep aiding Roko.
—WHY IS IT NOT WORKING?!— Said Corrus, as pretty much none of his targets were getting brainwashed. They either got erased from existence, or died because of his punches. He began to doubt what Fugax told to him was true, which was making him very upset.
|That was until the small spaceships began to either explode or lose balance and crash into the ground. No, he didn't hit them, and they couldn't have been erased either since that attack makes them dissapear instantly instead of causing some sort of spontaneous combustion. At this point, almost all of the ships attacking Corrus were taken care of.
Corrus then dashed towards one of the remaining opponents and grabbed it, making it unable of escaping from him, but he had better ideas than just crushing and, by consequence, destroying it like the rest...
—OBEY ME.— Said Corrus, trying as hard as he could to make it, well, obey him. Of course, the other spaceships tried to stop him, though they efforts were in vain, as their projectiles simply were too weak.
|A faint, yet abnormally loud (given the circumstances) scream was heard from the inside of the ship grabbed by him, then silence... seems like the one maneuvering it died, for some reason, making the ship stop moving at all. It at least was twitching slightly before, along with its engines clearly being at the maximum potency, trying to get out of his grip. But now? Nothing. Frozen like a statue.
He dropped it afterwards, thinking his plan didn't work. But, as it was just about to hit the ground and get destroyed like the rest... it began to levitate again. But how?
Corrus couldn't keep paying further attention to it though, as a barrage of hundreds of orange lasers began to be fired agaisnt him. As he evaded them the best he could, he was able to notice who was the new attacker: one of the carrier ships finally began to fight by itself, and the lasers were coming out of its pores.
He attempted to get closer to it, but when he reached a certain distance it just warped backwards, making it be even further away than before, while still being able to shoot at him.
Before it could keep firing more, though, it got interrupted by a far smaller spaceship who began to attack it... as Corrus payed more attention to it, he noticed that it looked exactly like the small spaceship he tried to brainwash. It was working!... until it got shot down by the carrier right after.
That didn't matter to Corrus, though, as he just saw his new ability successfully working for the first time. Even though he didn't use it on the...
strongest
targets, it still was useful knowledge anyways. But that wasn't good enough for him... he had to test a bit more.
As the carrier was distracted thinking about why one of its own carried warriors had turned agaisnt it for no reason, Corrus dashed towards it and latched on its surface, trying to somehow replicate his previous feat but now at a much larger a scale.
First, the carrier began to twitch, then started moving everywhere in an erratic manner right after, like if it was actually getting affected. It was also producing a distorted screech due to its systems getting affected.
It finally crashed into the ground after all that struggle, seemingly damaging its engines, thus making it unable to keep moving / resisting...
Eventually, any noise it was making was just.... gone, for a few seconds at least. Then, the sounds of its semi-organical build began to be produced again right after, like if they just got resetted.
Corrus was somewhat confused at first, but then his reaction quickly switched into shock as the pores of the spaceship began to suddenly fire again... but not at him. Its lasers were instead aimed towards other spaceships, even being able to take down a bunch of them before they could properly retaliate.
For Corrus, this was an absolute victory. He could now try to go after other enemies and do the same thing he did to this carrier with them, until all opponents were either destroyed or under his command.
Finally, another carrier spaceship arrived to fight the controlled one, and unfortunately for Corrus, the latter was easily taken care of, due to both its lack of movility and previous injuries after hitting the ground.
Before the non-possesed ship could keep firing more at them, though, it got interrupted by another smaller spaceship crashing agaisnt it, blowing the carrier's upper part off. As it tried to turn in order to face and shoot at whoever throwed that, it got grabbed and smashed into the ground, exploding right after. Corrus wasn't able to see who did that.
—HAHAHAHA, TAKE THAT YOU STUP MUTANT CUBE!— Said Plotty after spiking that carrier ship.
|Overall, it was clear these machines weren't as powerful as an Earthrotter, so one by one, they began to be destroyed, until finally around 5 spaceships out of the tens of them that were in combat just a few moments ago were left.
—WE'VE LOST MOST UNITS, RETREAT!— Said one of the few remaining ships towards what was left of the squad.
—No, the major unit is already on its way. Evacuating would also cause an ambush from
them...
— Said another one.
|What could be described as a distant metalic screech was then heard, along with the sound of massive thrusters. It didn't take long for the responsible of that noise to show up.
—You DISGUSTING beings are going to regret what have you done to us, the Fleshians.— Said yet another spaceship, as a gigantic metalic strider fell from the sky and impacted agaisnt the ground, right behind the other units.— FLESH-A-TRON, ELIMINATE THEM!
Flesh-A-Tron
—————————
Annihilator class Fleshian ship
|A menacing chuckle was then heard from the mechanical behemoth's integrated speakers. Whoever was controlling it clearly was going to enjoy this.
The Annihilator then began to shoot a barrage of hundreds of glowing guided missiles per second from two huge rocket pods it had on its sides. The stream of projectiles was so constant, the distance almost made them look more like laser rays rather than just rockets. The attacks weren't focused on only one spot, instead slighty separating and having each portion of the barrage guided towards each individual target.
—WHAT IS THAT?!— Said Plotty, before starting to get hit by a fraction of all those missiles. Each had more strength than an intercontinental ballistic missile, so they quickly overwhelmed him.
|Fugax was finally able of fully healing Roko by this point, so both were able to fully concentrate on the current situation this time.
—Its attacks aren't that fast compared to previous enemies, DODGE AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE AND CLOSE DISTANCE!— Said Astonish to them, as a tip.
|Even if Plotty didn't hear them, he still somewhat followed that recommendation by coincidence, evading projectiles and getting on one of the strider's sides, which began to be punched by him with all of his strength.
The attacked area was getting dented and overal making the mech get pushed quite a lot, but then the rocket pod getting hit rotated on its axis to face him and released all its firepower on him, sending him flying, overwhelmed. The Levlupper then went and tried to attack him since it considered that their conflict wasn't over, but right before that...
A huge explosion then hit the mech on its back, and as it was rotating to face the one that did that, the adult Earthrotter charged towards it and tackled it with so much force, it fell to the ground with a loud thud. The beast then got on top of it and began to shoot a beam from its proboscis at it, point blank. The view made the Levlupper focus on the larger targets again, for now at least.
It was now easier to notice how the robot was clearly bigger than the Earthrotter, as the latter was only around two thirds its height. That didn't matter though, as the arthropod had even more charged energy than before and much more movility.
That's what I would have said if the mech's rocket pods didn't then unfold giant dagger-like blades from its sides, though. With an abnormal movility, both swung at the Earthrotter's sides, doing a brutal slash that severely injured them and cutted off the arthropod's wings. This obviously made the latter get off the Annihilator because of the immense pain.
—I SHALL GRANT YOU A DEATH BY A THOUSAND CUTS, YOU MEDDLING PEST!— Said the Flesh-A-Tron's maneuverer from its integrated speakers, as it got up and began to slash the Earthrotter many more times, with all of the swings sharing the same ludicrous attack speed as the first ones.— YOUR REMAININGS WILL BE NOTHING MORE THAN PUTRID BIOMASS FOR THE EMPIRE!
|The Earthrotter tried everything it could to get its opponent off it, but not even its sonic screech had any significative effect agaisnt it.
The mech getting distracted displayed a huge weakness though, as now its back was exposed for the rest of combatants. Its huge thruster could be observed there, already damaged because of the Earthrotter's ambush.
It then was logical that the Levlupper would take its chance to land a powerful hit, as it ripped yet another huge chunk of the fleshy terrain and absorbed it, then focused all the assimilated energy into one small but heavily concentrated and piercing projectile, which the Flesh-A-Tron clearly had no chance to dodge.
The thruster was unable to withstand it, instead being forced to detonate because of its absorbed damage, causing a massive explosion which was almost as large as the strider itself. It was so bad, the Annihilator fell on top of the Earthrotter, somewhat crushing it under its weight.
It got even worse for both, as Plotty then began throwing chunks of terrain at them, in an attempt to crush them more under the weight of the chunks. That obviously didn't work though, as the Annihilator quickly sliced the chunks away with its blades, got up and began to use its rocket pods again to fire agaisnt its targets.
Despite that, Plotty kept throwing more chunks, which were basically being tanked effortlessly by the mech this time, due to it not laying in the ground unlike before.
Plotty then got interrupted by a hard punch to his face, which was made by none other than...
—Friendly reminder that we are not helping eachother. Not after WHAT YOU DID TO MY HAND.— Said the Levlupper, who had enough of waiting to fight him again.
—BRO, ARE YOU STUPID?! THERE'S A WAY WORSE THREAT RIGHT BEHIND YOU!! (Plotty)
—AT LEAST THE "WORSE THREAT" DIDN'T RENDER MY HAND USELESS!— The Levlupper then charged towards Plotty, and began to punch him several more times.
|That was until Plotty had enough, and simply grabbed the Levlupper with as much strength he could produce.
—YOU KNOW WHAT?! IM USING YOU AS A SHIELD NOW! (Plotty)
—A... shield?— The Levlupper then looked behind and saw that the Flesh-A-Tron was about to swing at them, while also shooting more missiles.
—HOLD STILL!— Said Plotty, as he started to use the Levlupper as a weapon, swinging it agaisnt the projectiles, either being deflected or tanked if case they exploded.
—STOP IT, YOU-— It then got interrupted, as the blade hit it point blank. It tried to somehow absorb the energy out of Plotty or the blade to become strong enough and get off them, but it was useless because of how much pressure was being applied to its body.— A̿ͫ̊͘͏̢̥͉̠A̵̢̯̫̩͐̽̂͟A̢̰͎͔͂̋̊͟͟Ạ̵̫̮ͬͩͩ͞͠A̛͈̙̟͗ͧ̀́̀Ă̡̜̭̥̋̾͘͝
|Yea... the Levlupper may usually be quite the mocking individual, but you can't really keep your cool in a situation like this.
Plotty then began to try pushing the mech's blade back, just like he first did agaisnt the juvenile Earthrotter, using the Levlupper as a protection that would prevent harm, though for the latter, things clearly weren't as painless...
After a few seconds, the Annihilator's blade began to get lifted and pushed back, so it seemed like the strategy was working again. What Plotty failed to notice at first, though, was that he now was getting external support in order to acomplish this.
—PLOTTY, YOU CAN'T JUST DO THIS ALL ALONE!— Said Roko, as the rest of the gang showed up.— BUT TOGETHER, WE MIGHT WIN!
—ROKO AND CORRUS, TRY TO BREAK THE BLADE'S JOINT INSTEAD!— Said Astonish, giving yet another tip. Besides, that kind of was one of its main purposes.— FUGAX, KEEP USING YOUR TELEKINESIS TO HELP PLOTTY INSTEAD!
|Corrus and Roko rushed towards the blade's joint and began to damage it with their respective abilities.
—I know this may not be the best moment to talk, but... I just learned a new ability!— Said Corrus, proud of himself.
—The one I told Fugax to mention to you?— Said Astonish, not knowing if that "new ability" was the mind control.
—Ehh...— It took Corrus several seconds to realize that Fugax didn't figure out by herself that he could brainwash others— ...I guess so...?
—GUYS, SHUT UP, JUST DO THE ACTUAL TASK!— Said Roko, angry at them. Corrus' attacks were slowing down a bit because of getting distracted by Astonish, hence why Roko got so triggered about it.
—OKAY IM SORRY, MY BAD, BUT DON'T SHOUT AT ME!
|They were so concentrated in arguing with eachother, that they didn't realize the other blade of the mech was about to swing at them.
—THE BLADE, THE BLADE, LOOK BEHIND YOU, THE OTHER BLADE!!!!— Said Astonish, trying to warn them before it was too late.
—What are you talking about? What is the oth‐— Said Roko, before realizing and looking behind like Astonish indicated.— OH SH*T!
|Roko then grabbed Corrus and flied away, just moments before the blade striked. Since they got away, the slash hit the OTHER blade instead, and due to it already being damaged by Corrus and Roko, it finally snapped and fell off.
—...what.— Said the deep voice within the mech.— ...WHAT. WHAT?!— Each "what", was getting louder and louder, angrier and angrier, until...—W̡͏͏̸̵̨̕H͜҉̕̕͢͡͝A͜͠͏̛҉̷҉A̡҉͏̶̨͜͜A҉̴̕҉҉̷͘Ą̕͞͏̢͢͝Ţ̴̡̨̛́͡?̵̶̧̧́͏͠!̶̸̶̨͘̕͟
|This last scream was so bad, it even even damaged the speaker itself and slighty pushed Roko, the Levlupper and Fugax away.
—AHHHH, MAKE IT SHUT UP, MAKE IT SHUT UP!!!!— Said the Levlupper, who was almost about to go deaf because of the soundwaves produced.
—Oh, so now YOU want to be helped...?— Said Plotty, in a mocking tone, while also getting a... new and kind of risky idea.— Very well then... let's make it SHUT UP FOREVER!— Plotty then dashed at full speed towards the ground and spiked the Levlupper agaisnt it.— QUICK, ABSORB ENERGY!
|Without any hesitation, the Levlupper followed Plotty's commands, gathering energy and having the blue glowth again.
—AND WHAT NOW?!— Said the Levlupper, who was so distressed that it didn't even realize it technically could get out of Plotty's grip due to its increased strength.
—Well, just do me a favor...— Plotty flied upwards again, close to one of the rocket pods.— Embrace for impact.
—...what?
|Plotty then rushed at full speed towards the rocket pod, evaded all projectiles fired by it and right before colliding with it, he thrusted the Levlupper agaisnt it with all of his strength. He did it so much force in fact, that the whole pod's ammo began to explode from the inside.
—WAIT NO THIS ISN'T WHAT I MEANT TO DO, AHHHHHH-— Said Plotty before getting hit point blank by the explosion of the pod.
...
—Plotty, PLOTTY! ARE YOU OKAY?! ANSWER US!— That's all what Plotty could hear, as he began to regain consciousness.
—Wh-What happened...? (Plotty)
—YOU DID IT PLOTTY, YOU DEFEATED THE FLESH ROBOT THING!— Said Roko, who then pointed at the Annihilator ship... or what was left or it, at least.
|It was reduced to rubble, as the detonation of one of its rocket pods subsequently made the rest of the machine explode. Fire and smoke was all over both the remainings and their surrounding area, indicating how violent the explosion truly was. It took Plotty a few seconds to process the view.
Brief victory
[
]
—HAHA, L-LET'S GOOOO!!!— Said him after finally interpretating what happened, still struggling to speak.
—I'm glad, and to be honest also a bit surprised that you managed to survive that. (Astonish)
—Y-Yea, me too...— Said Plotty, who then tried to get up, but was unable to do so due to the explosion causing considerable burns to his body. That forced him to lay down again.
—Oh... well, about your injuries... you almost look like cooked meat, not gonna lie. Not trying to offend you though. (Corrus)
—...dang it.— Said Plotty, who then looked at his hands, which due to their burn marks looked somewhat grey, instead of their usual red.
—Don't worry about it Plotty, I'm here to help you!— Said Fugax, in an attempt to not make Plotty get upset. She then began to heal him, for the second time already.
—T-Thank you, Fugax...
—...so, where is the blue thing that tried to kill you?— Asked Corrus out of nowhere.
—No idea, to be honest. Probably died on the explosion, I guess.
—You survived the explosion despite being somewhat weaker than it, so wouldn't that mean that it's...
—STILL ALIVE?!— Said the Levlupper, as it tackled Corrus and pinned him agaisnt the ground.— YES, I AM, SO PREPARE TO DI-
|It was unable of finishing that last word, though, as its body was pierced by a blade.
—No. We won't.— Said Roko, who was responsible of thrusting the blade on the Levlupper's body.
—H-How... did y-you...— Said the Levlupper, as it then tried to fight back, but the injuries made by the explosion of the mech had already damaged it enough beforehand.
|Unable of resisting the pain, it fell on top of Corrus, bleeding and being about to pass out.
—EW!— Said Corrus, as he quickly pushed the Levlupper off him.
|It then began to crawl with its only remaining hand, but it could barely move anymore.
Roko then got close to the Levlupper, ready to finish it off.
—ROKO, WAIT! DON'T KILL IT! (Astonish)
—Uh... what? Why? (Roko)
—Did you hear what I mentioned to Fugax some minutes ago? You know, the fact that Corrus can brainwash other beings via corrupting their minds.
—Wait, so WE CAN CONTROL THIS THING TOO?! ASTONISH, YOU'RE A GENIUS!
|Corrus then approaches the Levlupper, and grabs it so it can't escape.
—Seems like the turns have tabled. — Said Corrus, remembering what the Levlupper did to him before the spaceships appeared.
—T-THAT'S NOT EVEN HOW THE PHRASE GOES, YOU ID- (Levlupper)
—Ớ̡B̡͝҉È̢͟Y̡͘͞ ͏҉͞Ḿ͏̢Ȩ͞͠
|Unlike previous targets of his mind control, the Levlupper didn't scream or move in an erratic manner. Instead, it simply stopped moving, along with its eye's color fading to black.
—Uh... I think you killed it. (Roko)
—DANG IT. — Said Corrus, as he dropped the body.
|A few seconds later, though, the Levlupper's body began to twitch.
—UH... SHOULD WE KILL IT NOW? SEEMS LIKE IT'S STILL ALIVE!— Said Roko, who was extremly uncomfortable and even worried at what was happening.
—No. Trust me.— Said Astonish, with a slight doubt.
|With a bit of hesitation, Roko took some distance from the body.
The Levlupper then began to get up, and its eye began to glow again, but something about it was... off. It eventually layed on the ground again, as the injuries simply were too bad.
Everyone stood there in silence, not knowing what was happening to it. Corrus then got slighty closer to it, a bit curious.
Almost no one was able to notice how the Levlupper stared at Roko for a few seconds in a menacing way, but it eventually shifted its attention to Corrus, who then spoke up:
—So... are you a friend or foe now?
|The Levlupper then looked at him, without response.
—S-Someone has to heal it. It can't do anything otherwise, besides bleeding to death.— Said Astonish, talking in a slighty hesitant tone again.
—Are you sure, Astonish...? (Fugax)
—Yes. Just heal it until it can at least talk, just to make sure it worked. Besides, if it... somehow didn't get corrupted, we can just beat it up more and try again...
—No.— Said the Levlupper, who suddenly regenerated the wound, as it was finally able to drain a bit of energy off the terrain. It stood up right after that.— I... I am an ally.
—STUPID LIAR!— Said Plotty, who then rushed towards it. He then got intercepted by Corrus, though.
—Plotty, I understand that you don't like this entity a lot, but DON'T YOU DARE ATTACK IT. (Corrus)
—WHY?! IT TRIED TO KILL ME SEVERAL TIMES ALREADY!
—Did you, like, pay attention to what Astonish mentioned? He said I can turn others beings into allies, and seems like I was successful because otherwise IT WOULD BE TRYING TO KILL US AGAIN.
|Plotty sighs, a bit frustrated at the situation.
—Fine. (Plotty)
—I don't think this Levlupper has gained any "anti self-corruption" ability to counter Corrus' control, anyways. (Astonish)
—A Levluwhat?— Said almost everyone else, as they weren't aware of its name yet.
—A
Levlupper
. These beings absorb the power and abilities from deceased entities in order to gain a larger moveset and, obviously, more strength.
This one hunted a few Earthrotters, so that's why it was stronger than them and also had some of their abilities.
So, basically, Corrus helped us a LOT thanks to him being able to capture one and turning it into a new member of the squad.
—Does that mean we were lucky that we found it in a kind of weak state, relative to its true potential limits? (Roko)
—These things don't have a "limit". So yea, overall we indeed were VERY lucky.
—Sounds neat! So, should we go and finally try to get the artifact Idontknow told us about?
—...
—Uh... Astonish? Hello?
—...
—What's wrong? Did you detect something near us...?
|Before they could keep conversating, though, the Levlupper randomly charged up and shot a projectile at what seemed to be nothing, up in the air.
—Run.— Said Astonish, as it displayed its localizator's data to Roko, so he could understand what was coming.
—Oh. OH NO. GUYS, MORE SPACESHIPS ARE ARRIVING!— Shouted Roko.
—Well, I CAN KEEP BEATING THEM UP!— Said Plotty, who by this point was decently healed up by Fugax.
—I JUST TOLD YOU ALL TO RUN!— Said Astonish, in an abnormally upset and even somewhat angry tone.— DON'T BE SO STUPID!
—We are leaving you here if you don't run with us, I swear.— Said Roko, clearly proving it took Astonish's words seriously.
—Hey, we got a new and powerful ally to help us!— Said Corrus in a confident tone.— What's the worst thing that can happ-
|Astonish displayed the data to everyone else so they could notice what was happening.
—WHY IS IT INDICATING THAT A LOT OF ENTITIES ARE AROUND THE SAME LOCATION AS US?! (Plotty)
—They... they are below us. Remember that we are on the borders of this universe. (Astonish)
|Everyone then payed attention to the ambience noise, and noticed how explosions could be heard, like the ones Plotty heard at first before his initial encounter with the Levlupper, all those minutes ago.
—They're about to get out of the ground and attack us, are they...? (Corrus)
—There's a reason I only shot once. They are wasting time fighting other enemies, and the few who actually got out were already taken care of by me. (Levlupper)
—OKAY, BUT WE NEED TO GET OUT ANYWAYS BEFORE THE SITUATION GETS WORSE FOR US! (Astonish)
—Fine. (Corrus and Plotty)
|Everyone then takes flight, and Astonish displays the location of the raw porkchop right after.
—WE HAVE TO GO GET THIS THING, AND QUICK!— Said Astonish, clearly referring to the artifact. It still was clearly concerned because of the previous situation it was able to notice.
|Overall, everyone was flying at a similar speed. The only one who was slowing down a bit was the Levlupper, as it sometimes stopped moving and shooted agaisnt something the rest couldn't see.
—Are you, like, actually hitting something? (Corrus)
—Again, im getting ridof anything that actually gets outside of the borders. (Levlupper)
—Are they doing so via the cratter left by the Earthrotter's explosion, or what? (Roko)
—Mostly yea, but there's a high chance more damage is done by them, thus making more craters connecting the borders and interior of this universe, SO HURRY UP. (Astonish)
|As they were about 700000 kilometers away from the porkchop, the terrain in front of the group began to break, like if something was about to come out of it.
—MOVE OUT OF THE WAY, QUICK! (Astonish)
|Then, what seemed to be a disgusting new type of fleshian ship appeared on scene via breaking through the border's terrain like expected, but this one had something off regarding its design...
To be more specific, it had a spherical shape (similar to the "flesh moons" AKA the Earthrotter eggs, but far larger), along with weird attributes such as... several eyes? which then turned their attention to the squad.
—WHAT IS THAT?! (Plotty)
—This thing is actually so disgusting, what the f*ck. (Corrus)
|Fugax doesn't say anything, but it's easy to tell she's about to throw up at the sight of whatever this being was.
—These spaceship variants are getting weirder by the second, I swear.— Said Roko, who then began to fire at the being's eyes with no hesitation.
—That's... not a spaceship. (Astonish)
—Uh... what do you mean?
|From the same hole the spherical beast came from, a Flesh-A-Tron emerged and began to slash at it right away. The creature with eyes wasn't even fighting back with some gear, instead being only capable of ramming, making it be at a disadvantage agaisnt its more technologically advanced opponent.
—YOU MAY INVADE OUR WORLD WITH NO WARNING, DISGUSTING PLAGUE, BUT YOU'LL NEVER TAKE AWAY OUR GLORY!— Said this Annihilator via its speakers, as it kept cutting pieces off the fleshy sphere with each swing. Seems like all the individuals controlling these robots had the same hostile but determined personality...
—See? They're different things, enemies in fact.— Said Astonish to its teammates.
—Then what are they...? (Roko)
—Not the moment to explain, KEEP GOING.
|The team just avoided the two gigantic beings and, like Astonish told them to do, kept going. That fight wasn't their problem.
A few more tens of thousands of kilometers were traveled quite quickly, now there being around 400000 kilometers remaining in order to reach their target. Even the Levlupper didn't want to look back at this point, focused on just following the others.
Everyone was so focused to the task in fact, it took them several seconds to notice how the terrain began to shift in an abnormal way. It wasn't just a shift of the terrain's altitude, which was normal, but instead it was slighty vibrating and deformating on its own. The fact the underground explosions gradually turned louder and louder as this was unfolding only made matters worse.
—Astonish, you HAVE to be hidding something from us at this point. Just say it, WHAT IS WRONG WITH THIS PLACE?! (Roko)
—I already told you. There's a lot of threats fighting eachother this very instant, right below the borders of this world.
—That doesn't explain WHY THE TERRAIN IS MOVING LIKE THIS! And also, you didn't even bother to explain in detail about WHAT WAS THAT SPHERICAL... THING, OR WHATEVER!
—Yea, Roko is right. If those beasts aren't spaceships... then what are they? (Plotty)
—...
Planets. They're planets.— Astonish took a bit of time to reply.
—Those aren't supposed to be alive, though.— Said the Levlupper, who for some reason had more awareness than the others regarding knowledge about this world.
—That's because this whole world is now alive.
|Everyone then stopped in place after hearing that, shocked. The only one who wasn't really surprised was the Levlupper, but even them had to stop anyways because otherwise it would've left the others behind.
—W-What...? (Fugax)
|Astonish then showed the locator's data again, this time showing that it detected that the whole surrounding area consisted of a giant organism, it being the Fleshverse itself.
—WHY DID YOU HIDE THAT INFORMATION?! (Plotty)
—It literally wasn't there moments ago. I didn't hide that part of the information. (Astonish)
|All this conversation made Corrus remember about a question he forgot to mention before.
—You know, now that I think of it, regarding hiding things from us... not saying you ended up not telling this to us too on purpose, but why is the Levlupper so weird, regarding its behavior? I mean it as in it still somewhat has the knowledge and behavior prior to my brainwash...—Asked Corrus, as they once again began to move.
—Well... that's quite the random question. Wait a second...
|Astonish then pretended to do a quick analysis to the Levlupper, and eventually it "figured out" what was the issue with it.
—Well, your ability still isn't mastered, so you weren't able to fully corrupt its mind, hence certain things about this Levlupper were left intact.— Replied Astonish.
—Does that have any negative consequences, or...?— Asked Corrus again, worried about what could happen to his controled entity.
—It may be easier to hijack, but on the other hand it makes its intelligence and sentience remain, at least partially. Overall, it's not that bad...
—Yes. Not bad at all, in fact.— Said the Levlupper in a somewhat agressive tone, for some reason.
—I didn't even say anything offensive.— Said Corrus, who was able to tell that something was off with the Levlupper.
—Sorry for interrupting, but by checking Astonish's data, I noticed that we apparently are less than 200000 kilometers away from our objetive.— Said Roko, who secretly wanted to switch topics and stop the argument, but wasn't sure if saying it out loud would be a good idea.
—And...?— Replied Corrus, who was so distracted by the previous discussion he didn't pay proper attention to Roko's words.
—Isn't getting that artifact the WHOLE REASON we are here? Did you forget that getting closer to it is, in fact, a good thing? (Plotty)
—I guess so...— Replied Corrus again, a bit embarrased after noticing how dumb his previous comment was.
—Hey, it's okay...— Said Fugax in an attempt to calm Corrus down. Then everyone stopped talking.
|Unlike what could have been expected at first, those last 200 megameters weren't so bad for the group. Sure, the fact that THE WHOLE UNIVERSE THEY WERE ON SUDDENLY GAINED SENTIENCE certainly was something to think about, it didn't really bother that much in the moments spent moving across the remaining distance.
Eventually, they reached their target. Barely a few kilometers left. Overall, this whole "escape sequence" only lasted a few minutes.
—Remember how Idontknow350 described the artifact's appearance. It won't be hard to see by this point. (Astonish)
—Is that weird pink oval the thing you're looking for?— Said the Levlupper, who was easily able to notice the raw porkchop laying on the ground, so it pointed at the object. It pointed at it so the rest could see it.
—Yes, it is. Your eyesight is actually insane, holy sh*t.— Said Corrus, with a bit of pride since he was the one who "tamed" the Levlupper.
|About the porkchop itself... let's just say that if you noticed it, it would be impossible to unsee it. That was because it clearly looked out of place compared to terrain, as in its existence was able of slighty distorting the area surrounding it.
—Wait a second, are we able of touching it without getting glitched out of reality or something like that?— Asked Roko to Astonish, aware of the odd properties of the artifact.
—Yes. You can interact with it. Go ahead.— Astonish's reply was direct. It's time to finish this.
|The group still was a bit unsure though, as the somewhat sentient movement of the Fleshverse's borders and the explosion noises beneath them (which kept going) made the situation a bit frightening for them.
—...well, what's the worst thing that could happen? (Corrus)
—W-Wait, can I be the one who collects it? I haven't really done much in this world, and I'd like to compensate it...— Suddenly said Fugax.
—Hey, you DID help us though. I would still have a massive dent on my face otherwise! (Roko)
—And I would be dead because of the stupid blue thing. (Plotty)
—SHUT U҉̸̨̨̡́͝Ṕ̴̧͜͠͝͡.— Said the Levlupper, who had enough of his mockery. Plotty didn't even get angry at this, instead getting scared and unable to talk back.
—Guys, just stop arguing... okay? Please, just let me help... (Fugax)
|What they didn't notice at first, though, was that Corrus already left them, as he wanted to be the one collecting the porkchop. What he said just a few moments ago actually was a warning about him being about to do that.
—...is this a joke?— Said Fugax, after realizing what just happened.
|After a few seconds, the artifact finally was just in front of Corrus. The terrain still was vibrating on its own, but that didn't matter anymore since the trip was finally coming to an end...
—I DID IT, I DID IT!!! (Corrus)
—Uh... no.— Said Roko, who along with the rest followed Corrus.— WE did it, together.
—Yea, my bad... it's just that im happy that we finally are going to be able to gather this thin-
—Wait.— Suddenly said the Levlupper.— Let me check if there's any threat close to us.
—There is none.— Said Astonish, before the Levlupper could take off.
—Then what are those giant holes in the distance?
—...what?
|Then, out of nowhere, the area they were in began to move in a much more erratic way. A giant hole appeared and expanded several kilometers across it right after, which then produced a vacuum force so absurd, it began to suck everyone in.
It also started to produce a screech noise similar to the one made by the crater caused by the juvenile Earthrotter's orbital strike attack.
—SEE?! I WAS RIGHT!— Said the Levlupper, who while saying that was also trying to fly upwards in order to fight back agaisnt the sudden vacuum force.
—WHAT IS GOING ON?!— Said Plotty, who was struggling way more in his attempt of resisting the gravity made by the hole.
—I-I DON'T KNOW, BUT TRY TO KEEP THE PORKCHOP SAFE! (Roko)
—Wait, where did it go...? (Corrus)
|It took them several seconds to realize that since no one stopped the raw porkchop from moving, it got sucked and subsequently sent to the insides of the Fleshverse. They already were busy trying not to get sucked in too, so this only made matters worse.
—NOOOO, IT'S GONE!— Shouted Fugax, who then tried to use her telekinesis in a desperate attempt to attract it back to her, but by this point she was unable of even seeing it at all. Instead, all that her telekinesis was doing consisted of attracting random chunks of terrain, which weren't even able of getting too close to her before also getting vacuumed.
—SOMEONE HAS TO GO DOWN TO GET IT, QUICK! OTHERWISE, ALL OUR EFFORT WILL GO TO WASTE! (Roko)
|Everyone remained silent for a few seconds, as none of them was eager to do something that risky. Easier said than done...
—Y-YOU KNOW WHAT?! YOU DON'T HAVE TO GET INVOLVED IN THIS!— Said Fugax, who stopped trying to escape and instead straight up went towards the Fleshverse's insides.
—FUGAX, NOOOO!— Shouted Roko, as she instantly was no longer visible for anyone else, because of how fast she got vacuumed.
—I DIDN'T GET TO GIVE HER ANY INDICATION REGARDING THE LOCATION OF THE PORKCHOP! (Astonish)
—I'M ALSO GOING IN THEN! WE CAN'T LOSE HER!— Said Plotty, who then pushed everyone else with all the strength he had, getting them out of the area affected by the vacuum force. He then rushed towards the inside of the Fleshverse, just like Fugax did a few seconds ago.
|The rest just stared in shock over what just happened. The hole then closed, thus the access to the interior of this world was locked again. This also stopped the vacuum effect and the screeching noises.
—...what the f*ck was that?— Said Corrus after all this initial commotion was over.
—HOW DO YOU EXPECT US TO KNOW?!— Said the Levlupper, a bit distressed over what happened.— ALL I SAW WAS THAT MORE OF THOSE HOLES APPEARED BEFORE THE ONE WHICH TRIED TO SUCK US IN!
—WHY ARE YOU EVEN SO MAD AT ME?! IM DOING A GENUINE QUESTION, YOU GOOFY ARROW... THING!
|They then began to argue, incredibly mad at eachother for some reason.
—Roko, since you're the only one here who isn't going insane, do you mind if I explained what just happened? (Astonish)
—...fine. But as you do that, im going to try to get in too. They can't be left alone just like that. (Roko)
—Yea yea, do whatever you want. Just avoid dying or putting yourself in a very risky situation.
|Roko then flied towards the spot where the hole appeared, then began to shoot at it, in order to do a crater deep enough for him to enter the interior of the Fleshverse.
—So, do you remember what the Levlupper mentioned about a bunch of "giant holes in the distance"? (Astonish)
—What about them? (Roko)
—The one who almost sucked us kind of looked like a pore if you think about it, right? A giant one, sure, but still a pore overall.
—And your point is...?
—Well, they also sucked air in with so much force it was doing a lot of noise... do you get what im implying?
|As the conversation kept flowing, the craters made by Roko's attacks kept getting worse, but he wasn't paying much attention to that.
—Yea...— Said Roko, a bit distracted since he just saw something else that caught his attention just as Astonish was speaking— Wait a second, I can see a few holes appearing in he distance! Aren't they the ones you just mentio-
—ROKO, GET OUT OF HERE NOW!— Said Astonish, after it realized that Roko was right regarding the pores coming back.
—Isn't the reason im here doing this is that I WANT to get within this world?
—BUT WHO KNOWS IF WE MAY BE ABLE TO GET OUT OF IT LATER IF IT JUST SUCKS US IN!
|Just like Astonish anticipated, the pore that already appeared before which vacuumed both Fugax and Plotty was now back, this time even larger because of the damage done in that area by Roko. It also began to attract Roko again.
—Well...— Said Roko, who then spent a few seconds doubting a bit, before taking his choice.— Im doing this for them.
|He then rushed towards the pore and went through it, then darkness was all he could now see.
—Wait, where did that grey thing and its talking program go?— Said the Levlupper after noticing Roko was gone, stopping the argument.
—That's... a good question, actually.— Said Corrus, also realizing how odd the situation had gotten.
—He better have not abandoned us here, I swear to god.
—What is "god"...?— Said Corrus, not knowing what that word meant. Friendly reminder that in this world, gods can be found pretty much everywhere, so there isn't a "central" one.
—Uh... that's not relevant right now. Just assume the phrase is used to double down on a statement. Okay?
—Okay.
—Good... so, we have to find him now. Or at least not die.— Said the Levlupper, prepared to fight agaisnt any threat...
Within the flesh
[
]
—H-Huh...?— Said Fugax, as she was trying to process what just happened after she entered the Fleshverse. She seems to have gotten thrown in by the vacuum force so hard, she almost passed out.
|In fact, all she saw at first was almost complete darkness, but one that she found oddly relaxing compared to everything that happened before. Her vision was blurry, so not much detail could be seen yet, besides the already mentioned sight.
Then, everything began to turn less blurry for her, as she was coming back to her senses. Finally, she was able to see that in this world there was more than just flesh or more and more void.
Reddish
planets
,
stars
,
galaxies
, etc. became visible to Fugax, either as distant dots of light or fully detailed cosmic structures in case they were close enough to her. She never saw or was told about these structures before (technically excluding planets, but those only were mentioned briefly), so she instantly found their existence amusing as she saw them.
—Wow...— Said her in surprise, despite nobody else being able to hear her.
|She then got up from the flat surface she previously was laying on, just to keep observing those odd cosmic structures. It truly was an incredible sight for her, to the point it was almost hypnotic from her perspective, and it even began to make Fugax lose focus on her main objetive. Sure, the red color scheme which reminded her of the Fleshverse was still there on sight, but at least she now could associate it with something else rather than just gross things and violence, and that was good enough for her.
Another thing that caught her attention during this small break was that it wasn't a still scenery. Some stars' glowth changed over time because of smaller objects getting on their way and blocking some of their light flow, planets were moving quite quickly, and... wait a second, PLANETS MOVING?!
That's when everything began to go downhill. She remembered that those planets for some reason were sentient and a threat, so she couldn't just be standing there without doing anything and at risk of getting injured or even killed. Then, because of that, she took flight and began to fly across the space, avoiding conflict.
But, Fugax then realized she previously was standing on a flat surface, which didn't make much sense considering it was barely moving unlike the planets, meaning it couldn't be one of those. As she looked down at it while still floating, she realized that a carrier Fleshian spaceship was there, who was what she was standing on just a few moments ago. She didn't even notice the pores of its surface before, because of her being so distracted!
Fugax then got away from it as much as she could before it began to shoot lasers from its pores, along with a few of them even hitting her because it was shooting at all directions. Despite that, she was able to either tank or deflect them with her telekinesis, as its firepower wasn't that bad compared to the stronger opponents she has already faced.
Eventually, the carrier's lasers stopped hitting her, as they then fully focused on one of the sentient planets, though it resisted them with barely any injuries. The carrier tried to warp away, but as it was doing so it got rammed by another planet, making the ship get instantly destroyed, but also blowing off chunks of said planet.
Fugax then saw some of the smaller spaceships it carried flying everywhere, trying to shoot at the living planets, but because of their size they dealt no real damage. They weren't even paying attention to her at all, instead moving past her. This finally made Fugax begin to realize that she and her teammates weren't the true abnormal threats of this world.
As she kept on observing in shock, it was more and more obvious how bad this conflict bethween both species were. Not only spaceships types she already saw (such as the troops, the melee brawlers, the carriers, even the Annihilators) were participating on this cosmic battlefield, but also others which she never saw before.
Some had tens of tendrils which could both grapple and tear stuff, others had weird weapons which seemed to suck the energy out of their opponents, there even were ones which simply had one giant cannon attached to the upper part of the bodies, which shot giant deadly rays! They clearly had a lot of variation in their appearance, unlike the spherical beasts which only had slight changes in their color scheme, size and minor features such as their amount of eyes.
Fugax would no longer be able to keep watching this conflict, though, as someone suddenly touched her back, catching her by surprise. Due to being so concentrated at observing the situation unfold, she got so scared she was about to attack whatever touched her on sight, but as she turned to face them...
—FUGAX, IM GLAD YOU'RE OKAY, BUT WE HAVE TO GET OUT OF HERE!— Said Roko, who was the one who touched Fugax's back.
|Without even waiting an answer from her, he grabbed Fugax and took flight, getting out of the area where the battle bethween both cosmic species was at its worst.
—T-Thank you...— Said Fugax, after realizing how close she was to getting in trouble.
—What did you even think that would happen if you got in here all alone?! (Roko)
—I THOUGHT I COULD DO IT BY MYSELF, OKAY?!— Said Fugax, extremly upset.
—We aren't supposed to do this "by ourselves", though... we have to do this together.
—O-Okay...— Said Fugax a few seconds later.— Also, sorry for shouting at you...
—It's okay, I get it... this situation is quite distressing for all of us. But it's not the time to be complaining about things we can't control. We have to act, okay?
|Fugax nods slowly, managing to somewhat calm down.
—But by acting, uh...— Roko hesitates a bit when saying his next words.— I mean it as in having to fight. Again.
—Yea, I get it...— Says Fugax, now  understanding the situation in a more proper way.
—So, are you ready then?
—Mhm!
—Very well... because WE ARE ABOUT TO CRASH!!!
—Wait wha-
|Fugax was unable of finishing her sentence, as Roko began to shoot missiles agaisnt several Fleshian spaceships which were getting on their way. If they were too big or powerful (such as the Annihilators), he simply dodged them, as their strength wasn't as good as their movility.
—Uh... sorry. I got too into the moment.— Said Roko, referring to the "about to crash" thing he said just a few moments ago.— BUT ANYWAYS, do you want to fight alongside me, or just keep on spectating?
—You know what? Let's do this together, like you said!— Said Fugax, motivated.
—Yea >:D
|Because Roko was too distracted talking with Fugax, he didn't notice that a carrier spaceship was about to crash agaisnt them, but since Fugax was actually able of noticing it, she used her telekinesis to push it back. She also effortlessly flinged tons of the smaller spaceships it carried, making most of them explode just because of how hard they were getting thrown. Seriously, the "carried" spaceships SUCK at combat.
As they kept on flying together, they were dodging, reflecting or tanking all things you (probably) could imagine: missiles, laser rays, fists (from the brawler spaceships), just straight up WHOLE PLANETS, etc. At some points of the fight, they even had to resort to going THROUGH some of the opponents, in case they got too much in their way!
Despite Fugax still not being fully comfortable with the idea of having to kill or destroy threats in order to survive, she at least was now starting to get why that statement really had some logic behind it.
—Wait, now that I think of it...— Said Fugax out of nowhere.— Did you REALLY come here... just to save me?
—Eh... 50/50.— Replied Roko.— Of course I care about you, but im also the only one who knows the location of the "porkchop" thing, so I HAD to get in because otherwise it would be lost forever.
—Were you the only one who came here alongside me, though?
—...no. I forgot to say it before, but-
|Before Roko could finish, though, their voice faded into nothing because of a Flesh-A-Tron suddenly warping near them, with its engines doing a noise so loud it was almost comparable to the sonic roar of an Earthrotter. Wait, since when can they warp?
That's the neat thing, they don't. It actually was just pushed back because of something hitting it with so much force, the Annihilator got flinged at almost warp speed, but it was able to stop the knockback when it was extremly close to both Roko and Fugax. The mech then fled right after, trying to escape whatever hit it with that much strength, but as it was trying to do so, it randomly exploded like if something punched it with even more force than before.
—...wtf. (Roko)
—Hiii :D— Said Plotty, who had randomly appeared behind them.
—W-WHAT?! WHEN DID YOU GET HERE?! MY LOCALIZATOR DIDN'T EVEN DETECT YOU!— Said Astonish... you know it's really bad when not even them know what just happened.
—DID YOU... DID YOU JUST TAKE DOWN THAT ROBOT BY YOURSELF?!— Said Roko towards Plotty.
—What are you talking about?— Replied Plotty, genuinely curious.— What robot?
—Well... at least we're all together now...— Said Astonish, ignoring Plotty's words for some reason. It then showed the localizator's data to everyone through a small hologram, indicating the location of the raw porkchop.— SO, LET'S DO THIS!
|Roko hesitated at first, because what just happened with the mech simply felt... wrong.
—Hey, don't worry, we can still win despite what is happening in the sh*thole we currently are in!— Said Plotty, trying to make Roko calm down.
—Yea...— Replied Roko, who despite not being exactly concerned because of what Plotty said, still decided to shrug it off.
|Everyone began to fly towards the raw porkchop again... and this time it wasn't as chaotic as before. The enemies simply stopped to appear as frequently as they did before, so it looks like the war bethween Fleshians and living planets was finally coming to an end...
—Im detecting less hostile activity than before... (Astonish)
—Wait, but if they left, then what is that thing over there?— Says Plotty, who then points at a red star which is far away from them.
—Well, that's a...
—A what?
—...
Seems like they didn't only infect planets.
—There's NO WAY that thing is alive too... right? (Roko)
|Roko gets proven wrong right after, though, as the team eventually notices that the star was getting shot by the Fleshian spaceships, and that it also began to grow some kind of tentacles made out of plasma.
—...Astonish, how far is it from us now?— Asks Roko to Astonish, trying to not start screaming yet.
—About 200 million kilometers away from us.— Replies Astonish, who then shows to Roko a render showing how much that distance aproximately is.
—Okay, good. It's their trouble then.— Says Roko, referring to the spaceships.
|And finally... after EVERYTHING that has happened up to this point... the first raw porkchop was in front of Fugax, Plotty and Roko (+ Astonish, if you also count it as part of the team).
What, did you expect them to fight the sentient star beast? If you did, then im sorry to say that as anticlimatic as it may sound like, they aren't that dumb.
—Well... who wants to grab it? (Astonish)
—MEMEMEMMEEEE MEEEEE!!! (Plotty)
—Could I do it instead? Please? (Fugax)
—Eh... fine. Im very okay with that. Mhm.
|Fugax just stared at the artifact, thinking about everything that led up to this point.
And then, with one quick but also gentle grab, Fugax finally collected the FIRST raw pofktisgsfs
<ERROR>
. . .
<FATAL ERROR>
<Attached note: User "Idontknow350" has lost access to command "JTTP4 edit". Input status: Pending...>
<...>
<User "███████" has gained access to command "JTTP4 edit". Input status: Complete>
.
..
...
What are you doing?
Do you realize that you're on thin ice by wasting your time and effort on this?
Things can always change, and this time they HAVE to.
That includes your shameless power trip, caused by your desire of standing out and messing up EVERYTHING as we know it.
So, I shall warn you: the
Dissasembler
HAS to be stopped. No, it WILL be stopped, if that means the better good will be... achieved.
Achieved with CHANGE.
...
..
.
<User "███████" has lost access to command "JTTP4 edit". Input status: Pending...>
<...>
<User "Idontknow350" has been granted access to command "JTTP4 edit". Input status: Complete>
...
|And then, with one quick but also gentle grab, Fugax finally collected the FIRST raw porkchop. Eight left. Time to get them out of there, NOW.
Footnotes
[
]
Part 5 is coming soon.