Greek-Hebrew Verse Hierarchy
Natural Position
Contained by
Gardenverse
Contains
Pasteverse
Scale
Dimensionality
[rep
K, K
] (
BAF
) + 100
Diameter
G
Pasteverse
+ ((Hebrew - 1) x 27) + Greek
Kardashev Scale
GHK + ((Hebrew - 1) x 27) + Greek
The
Greek-Hebrew Verse Hierarchy
is a system of 594 verses with a lesser one of the verses in the center. The rest is filled with collections of a specified Greek letter and a specified Hebrew letter, hence the name.
The image on the infobox shows the
Betalephverse
, with the purple parts being collections of Betas and Alephs, and the center being the Alphalephverse. Going through these verses, will slowly reveal the Greek alphabet and even more slowly the Hebrew alphabet.
It goes through the Hebrew alphabet more slowly because every time we get to Omega then go past that, it goes back to Alpha but the Hebrew letter in this verse is new. For example, if you're at the Omegalephverse, then go past that, it goes to the Alphabethverse and not back to the Alphalephverse. At the center of the Alphalephverse is the
Pasteverse
.
Naming
[
]
Greek-Hebrew Verses are named in a specific ruleset.
If the last letter of the Greek letter and the first letter of the Hebrew letter are the same, merge the last letter of the Greek letter and the first letter of the Hebrew letter.
Replace the Hebrew letter Shin with "Yayin".
If the Greek letter ends with "on" and the Hebrew letter starts with a vowel, remove the ending "on" from the Greek letter.
If the Greek letter ends with "i" and the Hebrew letter is Beth, remove the "b" from the Beth.
If the Greek letter ends with "on" BUT the Hebrew letter starts with a constanant, remove the ending "n" from the Greek letter.
Put together the two outcomes of the letters, then add "verse" at the end.
Kardashev
[
]
The Kardashev scale of these verses are ridiculously high, and are immeasurable. Luckily, there is a special way to display these Kardashev scales. The GHK variable. GHK itself is the Kardashev Scale of the Copyverse, with additions to it from 1 to 594 representing the Kardashev Scale of a Greek-Hebrew verse. For example, the Kardashev Scale of the Omegatavverse has a Kardashev Scale of GHK + 594.
Naming Examples
[
]
Alphalephverse (alpha + aleph)
Epsilalephverse (epsilon + aleph)
Taualephverse (tau + aleph)
Alphayinverse (alpha + ayin)
Alphayayinverse (alpha + shin)
Epsilobethverse (epsilon + beth)
Piethverse (pi + beth)
Pitethverse (pi + teth)