Harry
Powerfulness, I guess
1¹⁰⁰⁰⁰
Good or evil?
Good
Goals
To create a great Superomniinfinityverse
Limits
Can be too trusting and can trust the wrong person
Harry is a small beetle. But when he flies, the trail he makes can over time, turn into wood. It was him that started the human race's building skills. He can control what he created to turn it into other things.
But we'll start from when Harry was created, and transition into now with the events
History of harry, I guess
[
]
Harry was created
TheKerbalking gives him a Core of Everythimg and the ability to protect himself from other cosmic entities.
The KerbalKiNguyen gives Harry a thousand primordium omega, and 90 trillion primordium alpha particle and a galaxy to eat
KerbalKing gives harry the  ability to protect itself from all nerfs from togs
3owowoo decides that ICantEdit is not allowed to add something to Harry for
KerbalKing gives Harry omnipotence
3owowoo crea los "Huppoorters" y da liderazgo al KerbalKing
Kerbalking gives Harry  900 trillion primordium delta particles, and 80 trillion Primordium Sigma Particles to consume
Kerbalking gives Harry true Omniscience
Harry now possesses a core of everything
Harry is upgraded so now Harry is on "the same level as
Robert
". It means that Harry can not be destroyed by ICantEdit or Chalkosis
Harry is forced to eat -1 of himself. He is now an extremely weak entity; his power level is now negative.
ICantEdit gives Harry a fragment of
Bob
when Bob was at his full power. This makes Harry extremely powerful. ICantEdit force-feeds Harry more pieces of Bob, and soon becomes stronger than Bob or even Robert. ICantEdit forces Harry to destroy Robert and makes Harry lock Bob in his pocket dimension again.
Kerbalking gives Harry true omnipresence and some of the  powers of 30,000 iterations of Alphasm
Kerbalking gives Harry the Ability to Fight and escape prisons.
Kerbaking gives Harry a fragment of the sphere
Kerbalking gives Harry a Thousand of Glitchonicite and a million of
Sentient Substance
Kerbalking gives Harry the ability to manipulate space time
Harry nerfs himself to total impotence. However, before doing that, he makes himself immune to all buffs. If any TOG tries to remove this nerf then it will be considered a buff and thus will not work so now he will stay impotent forever.
ICantEdit makes it so that harry will automatically attack 3owowoo because harry is very easy to manipulate. However, harry resists and doesn't do anything. Harry grows slightly stronger and has removed his own nerf.
Due to this, 3owowoo creates John to calm him down. They h8 eachother at first but they get used to eachother after 1 Pron (5 days in the human world)
Kerbalking has now given Harry a fragment of a million bobs at full powerful
Harry will be no more.
Harry has now consumed a trillion blue print particles
Guys
[
]
Let's create his events by giving him things, and stuff like that.