Here is your solar system. Now leave. (who makes these names?)
Scale
Size
You were expecting a solar system? Well, no.
^╔
FOEI
Unable to be written using unicode characters
Dimensionality
Higher than te previous verse's
Kardashev Scale
8,600,000
Properties
Temperature
Cold because this verse is very old and not much life so on average very low temperature since most planets were destroyed by flying eggs
Class
14
Life Percentage
0.0005%
Density (Void Percentage)
30%
Position
Contained by:
The Server Room
Contains:
You were expecting a solar system? Well, no.
An idiot with -♾️ iq made the name of this verse also it is stupidly big. They also chose a name that was completely wrong, as this verse does not resemble a solar system in the slightest. The name was mostly chosen to make people stop wanting a copy of the
solar system
.
See phenomena for explanations as to why life percentage is so low
The only reason why this verse has a high kardashev scale is because creatures in this verse have learned how to create stupidly large amounts of matter with no cost or materials required.
Phenomena
[
]
Flying eggs: flying eggs are regular eggs by the looks and size but when they hit something (like a moon or planet) they explode and destroy everything in a diameter (explosion is sphere shape) of roughly 8,000
Froot tree
s. This is why most celestial bodies are gone. Origination of flying eggs is unknown
Stars disappearing: stars mysteriously disappear and all the planets start flying away and spin very fast until they knock into something else. This is all unexplained
List of (known) civilizations in this verse
[
]
Wesztenstek is a large civilization living in a big metal box floating around in space protected by a big orb that protects it from flying eggs. Age: 84,774
OYC
, population: 748,728,175,994 size: 6-7 LY and 30-95 LY for the orb.
Veszteseg is a larger civilization (MUCH LARGER AND OLDER AND MORE POPULOUS) that instead of living in a box they live in a big pyramid around the same size of
You were expecting a solar system? Well, no.
. They are protected by 150 different orbs made of stronger material to protect them from flying eggs and they have things that shoot projectiles into flying eggs nearby on the outermost orb to make them fly away form veszteseg. The pyramid has a small area at the top for the leader of the vezsteseg civilization. Age: 2,171,829
OYC
, population:
Cantor's Absolute Infinity
, size: shown before this lol
This is the smallest civilization in this verse. It is a big cube with one guy living inside. It has no orbs or protection. Estimated to be destroyed sometime after 2085 (
Earth
years)
Stuff in this verse that is cool
[
]
Fesh: Fesh is a cosmic entity that looks like a fish. It is strong enough to destroy
Cyoob
and it can drink liquids
Meat clown
Beat clown: Beat clown is a variant of meat clown (its blue) dont touch it or you die