Overview
[
]
His Blue Lock
Some random blue lock that for some reason is His Blue Lock.
Traits
Appearance
A blue masterlock.
Related To
His Lock
Strange Blue Marker
Powers
Locks up almost whatever it is used on.
Size
A normal lock.
Story
Origin
Someone nicknamed as "Him," his story being unknown created this lock as an original prototype to lock many evil entities on his home world up to prevent them from causing harm.
Cause of Destruction
Corrupted and shattered into nothing.
Age
176 years old
His Blue Lock is the early prototype of
His Lock
having the power to lock up most powerful entities at the user's will.
Purpose/Abilities
[
]
The purpose of His Blue Lock was to contain dangerous and evil entities from invading his home world. However, it was not powerful enough to last the energy of some entities as their power was able to seep a weakness inside of the powerful lock by utilizing corrupt energy. This had caused them to destroy it from the inside-out rendering the planet under attack for decades more before it was reinvented into the better version,
His Lock
and saved the civilization on there.
Locating this lock is easy due to the high amount of anomaly signatures it gave off, hence why it got destroyed easily also since the evil entities could target the lock more precisely by locating its aura.
Ability Usage
[
]
To be able to 'lock' whatever you want, it is extremely difficult requiring you to face the lock towards the thing you want to be locked, such as an entity or a planet. All it has to do is know it is there, and they get locked in place and lose all their capabilities. (Note that even if it can self-detect, that doesn't mean it has a consciousness.) To unlock it, just hit the thing you want to be unlocked with the lock really hard.
However, for specific regions on planets or space such as galactic regions or civilizations, you MUST highlight it with a strange
blue
marker that will appear in your hand and draw where it is. For some reason if you get it wrong, the lock will literally just slap you silly.
The limitations on this were bold as entities made up of matter outside of 'His' universe were able to penetrate the lock's abilities and also corrupted states of matter.