A Boundless being prepares to do something.
For a lot of super powerful characters such as Saitama and Goku, attacks in a battle between two opposing characters of this type are administered through visible physical and magical lashes, the most powerful ones having the most physical volume. However, whenever someone creates a Character in the realm of Boundless power, attacks between two Characters of this type can become very complicated. If an entity like Auren the Absolute was to fight someone like The Presence, what would be the determining factor to decide the outcome on an infinitely powerful attack on someone with an infinitely powerful defense? While I’m sure that a lot of people have come up with solutions for this, I would say that an attack from a sophisticated entity like Auren the Absolute would work in a way where multiple things happen at once. If Auren the Absolute were to “punch” another boundless being with some reality altering attack, the defender would simply alter reality a second time to nullify it. At the same time, however, the defender could also open a portal in front of himself that reflects the reality tear coming towards him on the timeline that the battle is happening within, and whatever came out of the tear would then “happen” or “go towards” Auren the Absolute (the attacker, just to clarify). However, Auren could have utilized a form of the Uncertainty Principle that he made up to lift the battle out of any timeline as he was attacking. All of this could have happened within a single “punch” by Auren as a single attack towards the defender. Each attack from an infinitely powerful entity could have multiple things happening at the same time, altering multiple different things in the battle to gain the upper hand. But if both beings are as powerful as each other, than the determining factor of a battle would have to come from something that is outside of the battle, an intervention if you will. In this case, the key to an Boundless entity winning a battle against another Boundless entity would be to control the outside of the battle as they fight so that the defender will be deterred by something that the attacker altered outside of the battle. As far as I’ve seen, this theory could work since all of the characters I’ve seen created either fight through sheer power or are never fully in control of the place or places that they exist in or on or outside of. Also, I think a good explanation on the difference between Boundless and Boundless+ (etc.) characters would be that a Boundless+ character can have more things happening in the same attack than a regular “Boundless”. My evidence for this is that it already consumes an infinite amount of power to alter reality a single time in a universe. Of course, a Boundless character could just alter it a second time AFTER the first, but to alter it two times AT THE SAME TIME would put 2x infinite stress on the active entity. Basically, one reality modification IN THE SAME POINT IN “TIME” is worth 1x infinite stamina. Anyways, all of this is theory, but I thought it was pretty cool. :D