The Leftunknown Thing is a seemingly malicious cosmic entity. The Leftunknown Thing has been documented in many civilizations as an unstoppable force of destruction. All sightings of the Leftunknown Thing have been immediately followed by the destruction of all local life and civilization, typically with the Leftunknown Thing eventually destroying the entire
Omniverse
,
Fricknia
,
Vsauian Space
, or other similar space. Due to its sporadic appearances, the Leftunknown Thing has often appeared in myths in large (containing several infinitely large verses) civilizations.
Leftunknown Thing abilities
[
]
The Leftunknown Thing is able to constantly distort its appearance, so the only way to recognise it is by its abilities. Unfortunately, its abilities also distort. The destructive capability of the Leftunknown Thing seems to scale with the size of the object it intends to destroy, and it can destroy objects like
Omniverses
and
Cetaverses
in equal time. The Leftunknown Thing is also seemingly immortal, despite popular belief stating that it has been killed before. Stories where the Leftunkown Thing does seemingly die are likely just the Leftunknown Thing teleporting to another verse.
Myths of the Leftunknown Thing
[
]
Myths of the Leftunknown Thing are usually spread by large civilizations. Myths of the Leftunknown Thing typically begin after an attack happens to a sub-civilization, which eventually become twisted and corrupted until they barely resemble the truth. A particularly infamous story goes: “Once upon a time, the leftunknown thing came and killed everyone. But then, the magical rhombic dodecahedron came out of the shadows and killed python v6 because it still existed. Then it killed the leftunknown thing.”. This myth is interesting because it implies the existence of several undocumented cosmic entities, such as the Rhombic Dodecahedron and the Python v6. It is also infamous because of the poor punctuation, which is maintained in an attempt to prevent further corruption of this already horrifically distorted story.