Contents
1
main first heading
1.1
[ section 1: basic nonscriptability ] first levels of nonscriptability:
1.2
[ section 1.1: big nonscriptability ] larger levels of  nonscriptability:
1.3
[ section 1.2: unimaginable nonscriptability ] another list:
1.3.1
section 1.21: Chungus Nonscriptability
main first heading
[
]
nonscriptability is a term typically referring to something (such as a verse) that is not scriptable to a great extent. usually, this is achieved by it simply being too large/vast/expansive to be quantified through script of any form. such verses must be massively >quantifiability itself to an unquantifiable extent. this page lists different levels of it. it can be referred to by other synonymous names, including but not limited to unscriptability, ascriptability, etc. nonscriptability by extent (main focus) would be > any other similar term, like being of higher
Finality Index,
being beyond finality index, mathematical and numerical unquantifiability, ineffability, things indescribable to any currently or previously existing language, things indescribable to any language that can exist, etc. nonscriptability therefore currently stands as the greatest term to refer to something that is indescribable or unspeakable / inconceivable in some way. all levels of nonscriptability are impossibly, nonscriptably inaccessible to lower levels of nonscriptability. the same is true for pre nonscriptability and first level nonscriptability.
and yes there's no getting around it: something that can have information conveyed about it to any capacity is going to be <<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<anything extent-nonscriptable. there is literally no getting around it you can't do that it just doesn't work.
all of this shit is hard to explain because its literally impossible to write down
this page focuses mostly on verses extent-nonscriptability.
[ section 1: basic nonscriptability ] first levels of nonscriptability:
[
]
the first levels of nonscriptability can be somewhat defined as follows
NS(0,1) = simple nonscriptability.
NS(0,2) = nonscriptably nonscriptable; nonscriptable to things that could script of anything NS(1)
NS(0,10
100
) = nonscriptable to googol nestations
this works with any value. basically how it works is that it is that many nestations of being nonscriptable to the extent of its nonscriptability being nonscriptable.
then there would be NS(1,1) where it is nonscriptable to the point the amount (not number or value or anything else, amount which is not quantifiable and is not really an amount as a result, very incomprehensible and wack. the idea itself would be nonscriptable and its hard to explain) of nestations to which it is nonscriptable is itself nonscriptable. NS(1,2) would be the immediately proceeding level of nonscriptability to the entry of the next layer of nonscriptability. the first number is the layer, the second number is the nestations or level. after this is NS(1,1,1) where it is the same thing but with the layers of it being nonscriptable. we could extend this to a nonscriptable number of terms and reach (NS(NS(1)). this can be extended to a nonscriptable number of nestations and reach 1NS(0,1). im out of ideas now this is so extendable that its extendability is itself nonscriptable to... one of these levels in the extensions of it. i dont know why i made this you can disregard it.
[ section 1.1: big nonscriptability ] larger levels of  nonscriptability:
[
]
the next levels of nonscriptability are beyond any level of which nonscriptability can be ascribed (not quantified) to an object, e.g. verse a would have NS(0,1)NS(0,1) nonscriptability. this verse has been ascribed a level of nonscriptability that was semi quantified to an extent using a kind of notation to attempt to describe a level of nonscriptability. the levels here would be so nonscriptable that semi quantifications, pseudo quantifications and quasi quantifications of their nonscriptability are high level nonscriptably too low to work here. they can be considered truly nonscriptable because they are basically completely impossible to explain.
small true nonscriptability: the smallest level of nonscriptability that cannot be partly quantified in any way. this makes it truly nonscriptable because it is basically inaccessibly...inaccessible from lower levels of nonscriptability and things in them or below nonscriptability. this is the level of
The Actual Biggest.
large true nonscriptability: the smallest truly incomprehensible level of nonscriptability that cannot be hoped to be described. absolutely nothing could work to attempt to explain how absurd it is. everything beyond this is just beyond any form of description to ascertain some infinitesimal or smaller fraction of an idea of how big it is as a form of extent nonscriptability.
greater true nonscriptability
extent-nonscriptable true nonscriptability
infinite great nested nonscriptably extent-nonscriptably extent-nonscriptable true nonscriptability
whopper nonscriptability (WNS)
ultimate nonscriptability
[ section 1.2: unimaginable nonscriptability ] another list:
[
]
fun fact: all of these listed forms of nonscriptability are not listed linearly as in nonscriptability 1, then nonscriptability 2, its more like NS(0,1), ...NS(0,1)NS(NS(0,1)...)... nonscriptable levels because they are incomprehensibly far between eachother
endless nonscriptability (nonscriptably...> any extension of previous nonscriptabilities assuming scriptability in all forms of nonscriptability <immediate predecessor)
boundless nonscriptability
nuts
balls even
testicles
genitalia
bawlz nonscriptability
Top 10 Numbers from 1 Through Ten nonscriptability
agony............... nonscriptability
...
section 1.21: Chungus Nonscriptability
[
]
Chungus Nonscriptability is a ridiculous form of nonscriptability that is just defined as being larger than any other form of nonscriptability by definition (of which there isn't one because it literally cannot be defined like everything here). Anything with chungus extent-nonscriptability (ChuExN) must contain all chunguses. There's also a subchungus version of it which is just 1 level lower than it. All verses on the level of or above the level of ChuExN are extremely chaotic and ridiculous, like complex spacial verses.
Greater Chungus Nonscriptability is an even more insane form of Chungus Nonscriptability.
This has beyond
Genuine Forever
types of nonscriptability.