The Limit of Numbers
Note: the numbers on the image are not part of the verse, just here for labeling.
Scale
Size
âˆ(0, ğœ™(ğœ”
2
, 0)) times bigger than
the Pentorbs
Dimensionality
âˆ(0, ğœ™(ğœ”
2
, 0)) (
LAIF
)
Kardashev Scale
âˆ(0, ğœ™(ğœ”
2
, 0)) (
LAIF
)
Properties
Class
15
Shape
Apollonian gasket
Density (Void Percentage)
0%
Position
Contained by:
Limits of Ordinals
Contains:
The Pentorbs
The
Limit of Numbers
is a verse that contains many
hyperspheres
in a gasket shape, each containing one
Pentorb
. These gaskets have been said to be like 'the physical form of numbers', whatever that means, because numbers are an abstract concept and not a physical one.
Hypersphere Gaskets
[
]
These gasket-hyperspheres have certain properties that give the Limit of Numbers its name. Whenever one of these gasketspheres are entered by some conscious entity or being then all perception is filled with 'numberness', but depending on which gasketsphere is entered it will be a different number (e.g. one may have 'oneness', another 'twoness', another 'threeness', etc.). This 'numberness' has been described from eyewitness accounts as another sense, just like sight, hearing, touch, taste, smell, etc.
Nearly all measurement devices malfunction as well when a gasketsphere is entered, so finding what is inside them is very difficult. It is theorized that all this 'numberness' comes from
Absolute Balances
, although this has not been confirmed. Because of all of this, the Limit of Numbers has even been said to be dangerous and should be avoided if possible.
Position of gasketspheres and dark gasketspheres
[
]
Because these shapes form a gasket (with each representing a certain number that has that 'numberness'), it should be specified which gasketspheres represent which numbers. In the image of the Limit of Numbers, the first few gasketspheres have been labeled to show which is which. The shape forms an
Apollonian gasket
, and the larger the gasketsphere, the smaller the number and vise versa.
Seven gasketspheres have been coined 'dark gasketspheres' because of their darker coloring and much stronger effects, as we have nearly zero information about what actually goes on inside them, although theories suggest that the dark coloring comes from
Absolute Darks
. The dark gasketsphere's numbers are as follows: 1,2,3,4,5,6,13.