"Why does such a thing even exist? This place is so weird..." - someone studying the celestial object.
Lion Black Hole
Natural Position
Contained by
Universe
Contains
Singularity, and Lions
Scale
Dimensionality
3D
Diameter
1.8 quintillion+ Lions or more condensed to make these structures.
Kardashev Scale
0
Lion Black Holes
are literally so many lions being crowded into a space that they create a strange being instead of a black hole. This doesn't have any sentience or movement like an animal, but like a hivemind of quadrillions of lions put into a supermassive black hole. They share the same exact properties with the original counterpart,
Black hole
, and the only difference is that you can actually see them and their appearance is fully different.
Formation
[
]
The formation of this creature is extremely odd. When a being messes up space time a bit, in a universe, quintillions of lions (at least being around 1.8 quintillion lions) all condensed suddenly throughout space time and create these monsters. They vary from a normal black hole to stupendously large, a large lion being the center of it whilst quadrillions of lion's orbits around the thing created a stretched-out accretion disk of lions. One difference however is that some lions don't get pulled in and rotate around the
Lion Black Hole
like it's a star, but extremely up-close to it.
Ending
[
]
Lion Black Holes
don't evaporate like normal black holes. They more of just slowly decompose in space for an incomprehensible amount of time or if the lions eventually don't exist anymore. The accretion disk is usually the first thing to go with the orbits of lions being sent out to space rotting away and floating, leaving behind the greater lion head black hole.
It sits in space slowly drifting and picking up matter, never evaporating and such. Once it reaches a close end to spacetime, it begins to condense into a strange matter and explode into sextillions of lions set across trillions of universes (therefore around a few billion lions or more per universe) to eventually be converged in one universe into another one of these odd creatures.