Welcome to the '
Menabrot
'. You are exhibiting the infinite possibilities of Metaversalic openings that have granted a special creation that took long enough to see a finish in Absolute 100.
Menabrot
The Waves Of Xenodust.
Size
0=1/infinity-(X) (Too big for any mind to understsand and visualize the consept.)
Containment
Contained by
Out of the boundary of other dimensions, so unknown.
Contains
The biggest, or one of the biggest xenos. It may contain some dimensions with xenocosmology.
Emergent properties
Small scale
10-(To The Power Of)-3,003
Medium scale
Septillinillion
Large scale
In the conclusion, it's the same as it's size.
Inside The Menabrot
[
]
The Menabrot is a gas of xenodust merging inside of xenodimensions, to a narrative stack of words, and letters belonging to each one of them. The words and letters have infinite knowledge to them, and creating a logical story, as it has all usage of the xenocosmological attract. Inside of it are 12D coligical setups, and main a passage to the upper narratives that are to mean a factor of indeterminable numbers across the last narrative there is in the Menabrot. Outside of the Menabrot is to be a wall of colorful gas of dust that had microscopic atomic explosions that went through the wall of the Menabrot. However within getting through, it regenerates its wall every time a object gets past through or so. There are optical illusions operating to appear everywhere in the Menabrot as supposed to. These optical´s take you to any xenocosmological placements that have life in them, or not. This also has space-boxes to a functional consept with the narratives being around some places, and some inside of another one. As the boxes can shape-shift into any dimension it wants, it contains a lot of light matter flowing in the middle of them. So it is clear that the Menabrot is a thing that has secrets into them.
2. The Menary System
[
]
This operates virtual computer sets of local mathematical processing, to another which is a binary code of a code, to a code, and it repeats. Sets of devices to recall in the local operation are none other than Mandelbrot Sets that have existed before the Menabrot even existed, 500 years after the Mandelbrot´s. The smaller menabrots are found everywhere in the Mandelbrot´s, which are found in the Menabrot. This can proceed anywhere to a program of a computer to restore all the things that are in the Menabrot. The Mandelbrot Sets are a virtual concept of a computer usage that can scroll to the maximum point of where the farthest Mandelbrot is. So within the passage of the plugged insets, there is a infinite closeup to the past mergement that formed the concept of divinity.
Mandelbrot Sets in the Menabrot
The time overflowing in the sets there are.
Existance Rank:
Extremely High
Position
Contains:
Smaller Menabrots
Contained by:
Menabrot
Scale
Size:
0/1-infinity(+)