MetAD
Scale
Size
This is meta. Please don't.
Dimensionality
This is meta. Please don't.
Position
Contained by:
Wikiverse
Contains:
Every inferior iteration to that MetAD's iteration of All Dimensions Wiki inside of the "our
Universe
" of an AD cosmology.
Introduction to the MetAD
[
]
This wiki, it's one of a kind, it's unique. There can't be an exact replica of All Dimensions Wiki. What if I told you we're just not thinking hard enough?
To find another AD, we must go deeper than the real world. Fiction. This wiki, it's fiction. It's fictional cosmology, however it includes our
Universe
. In the
Earth
of that Universe of that AD Cosmology, we'll find ourselves in a fictional world. We'll find ourselves back where we started, but something's different.
This version of AD, it's not the real world, it's the fictional world. This is the only point we'll experience the change, everything else is just nested fictions inside of fictions, which is yet again fictional. But that's not the point, we've found another AD. Heck, you could find more exact replicas of AD elsewhere in the
Omniverse
, or heck, even a
Timelineverse
, because that's a thing. You could even find this exact page on there, and go an extra layer deeper!
You know what we CAN'T do? Go outwards and find layers that way. This iteration, is the real world. All others are just fiction. Fiction can't reach out and go into the real world. There is no
Cetaverse
out there, no
Red Ring
, not in this layer. Those are only in the fictional layers. There's nowhere to go after the real Universe, or the theoretical Multiverse. AD doesn't affect the real world here. MetAD doesn't affect the real world. We can only go deeper, and no shallower.
Info about MetAD
[
]
MetAD is a metastructure, that represents the inception of All Dimensions Wiki, the fact that in the AD Cosmology, you can find another AD as a wiki. It can also be used to fight the "Water and oil don't mix" metaphor of "canon" and "non-canon" in this wiki, because you can find non-canon in AD, which in atleast the 3rd layer, AD is in an "our universe" of the wiki, which is contained by the 1st layer, the real world's version of AD. Non-canon things in the wiki, are in fact, canon.
By BNR making this page, he, and every other version of him, created every other version of this page.
The MetAD also creates new possibilities, from not only merging canon and non-canon into one union, but also creating possibilities of meta structures and being still within the wiki. This does NOT mean you can make god of all layers including this one, but you can make an inter-fictional warper that can do stuff across multiple fictional layers. It can be meta, but still not end-all-be-all.
There are no levels of the MetAD higher than the real world, or so we think. The people on deeper layers believe not of a shallower layer, yet we, know there is a layer beyond their layer. Maybe we're making the same mistake? What if the only reason we don't believe in higher layers is because our universe, is immune to events and objects in AD altogether? It's either that, or this layer is the actual final. The 2nd is more likely, as the concept and infinite inception of fictional layers of AD known as MetAD was made nearing a New Year's Eve, and this world has been here for FAAAAAAAAAR longer than starting in 2021.