Minersverse
Natural Position
Contained by
Multiverse
Contains
Celestial Core
(usually)
Scale
Dimensionality
3
Diameter
2.3 Trillion LY (average)
Kardashev Scale
1
A Minersverse is a large verse full of minerals. These verses have a large variety of celestial bodies, most of which contain large deposits of valuable materials. These verses are usually created by a
Celestial Core
. Due to their concentration of minerals, many of these verses are historically important. There are two particularly historic Minersverses, the Minersaueverse and the Minersepiverse.
Traits of the Minersverse
Historic Minersverses
Common minerals
Astronomy
(These are the minerals found in most Minersverses)
Fricknium
[
]
Fricknium is an extremely valuable and rare material that cannot be artificially synthesized. The reason behind the formation of Fricknium is unknown, and it is a large subject of debate whether Fricknium is a supernatural element. Fricknium is extremely rare, and entire Minersverses usually contain one gram at most.
Ebonstone
[
]
Ebonstone is a type of stone found in all Minersverses that originates From Corrupted Stars. Ebonstone has a virus inside it that slowly infects the entire Minersverse. This virus causes all life to become part of a hive mind. If no measures are done to prevent it, it will eventually infect the Celestial Core, causing the Minersverse to break apart.
Demontite
[
]
Demontite is a rare form of Ebonstone formed when the virus infects other rare materials. Strangely, This type of Ebonstone doesn't spread the virus. Demontite is moderately tough and very versatile.
(Note that on extremely rare occasions, Minersverses will have different celestial bodies.)
Planets
[
]
Planets in Minersverses are usually uninhabitable, with little atmosphere. They usually have a large portion of minerals near the surface. On very rare cases, planets will be habitable. Due to the nature of Minersverses, intelligent life usually technologically advances extremely quickly.
Corrupt Stars
[
]
Corrupt Stars are stars that are created when some of the Celestial Core materials collide with a deposit of Fricknium. This collision causes a massive explosion that destroys several planets. Corrupt Stars have a virus in them that spreads throughout the Minersverse.
Minersaueverse
Minersepiverse
The Minersaueverse is a verse full of Saue
placeholder