Largest
Nanoarchaeum equitans
A Nanoequatis compared to
our Universe
Rules over
The
Archinoverses
Age
743.5 billion years old on average estimated
Size
14.3 Trillion Light Years
Knowledge
Full knowledge of their Archinoverses
Power
Summon Organisms + full control of their Archinoverses
Goals
Expand their Archinoverses
Species
Nanoarchaeum equitans
, Pronanoarchaeum nequitana
A
Nanoequatis
is an hyperintelligent
organism/being
that lives in the
multiverses
known as
MLTI-1440
and
MLTI-3388
. They lack a gender, so they go by they/them pronouns.
It, even though one of their
species
, are the second smallest ones known to us, and it seems to be that these small minions are actually cloned from the Nanoequatis, and Nanoequatis being the first of their kind. They are also known for making Archinoverses, which are
Archverses
(get it?)
that contain
Arkhiverses
, and these Arkhiverses contain
Kairoverses
, which are pretty much similar to
Khraktaverses
.
Their main task is to pretty much manage their own Archinoverses. And since Nanoequatis is a decently large organism (larger than
universes
), they have a lot of thingies, like cosmic things even preserved inside the Nanoequatis (which are pretty much active), (like galaxies and other types of things we would see in Universes) and 567
galaxies
inside on average.
The most notable fluid that is commonly found in the interior of the Nanoequatis (which the Interior is actually 99.87% filled with that fluid) is the
Nanoequatin
, a fluid that takes all over the space inside the Nanoequatis, while also changing their equilibrium and gravity.
Contents
1
Anatomy
2
Cloning Technique
3
Elements
4
Discovery
Anatomy
[
]
Somehow, even though Nanoequatis are an Archaeon, they have grown a cell nucleon, since they are also one of the most oldest Archaeons, and they gave birth to more of the oldest ever Archaeons on their multiverse, they grew a cell that is now 643.7 billion years old, it keeps their original size, so if they're creating Archaeons, they do not lose their original mass (they've lost 1831.1 cubic light years for the last 743.5 billion years).
Cloning Technique
[
]
A Nanoequatis clones itself when it sees its smaller selves being endangered across the multiverses, seperating about 1cm of their body everyday to create more clones of itself. The largest clones so far have reached
galactic
levels of size, and they're known as the "Nanoequatis Jr.". Since from 550.7 billion years ago, Nanoequatis' Cloning Technique switched from Seperating 1cm of its body, to releasing spores that later hatch into archaea. These will later grow into actual Nanoequatis.
Elements
[
]
There can also be tons of elements inside all the Nanoequatis, over 143 were named only and over 5543 discovered.
Discovery
[
]
it was firstly proposed in the year 2624 by James T. Redd (a person who lives in a colony of Redland, which is in Mars)
[
1
]
when he said that there might be a large organic cell outside the Leadaverse (their homeland, provisionally designated as "UNI-COPPA-1445") which is larger than their Homeland (Leadaverse), and according to the original paper where he proposed it, it was located below UNI-COPPA-1445 (and guess what?), and in 2673-2675 CE, Telekinesums (named after their powers related to neurons, Telekinesums are a civilization which is from an exoplanet) send a probe to the Wormhole "KNI-7890" (which is only 6 light years away from their planet) and it only took 6 years for them to get over there (with telekinetic lightspeed engines) and when they entered, they ended up on an Archinoverse (Provisionally designated as: Archin-1101, Nanoequatis B, ZONE 1141±6781.371-9155.5⁵) which is actually orbiting Nanoequatis, when they looked at the view of the west side of the Archinoverse, they saw Nanoequatis, filling over 5.57% of the night sky (the planet they landed on was (interdimensional version of the HIP category) HIPid 65678±53.8 B), and it was located in the southwest region of the Archinoverse.
↑
the version of our solar system in MLTI-1440 is located in the Leadaverse, which is a universe 2× the size of
Our Universe