Nenaverse
Natural Position
Contained by
Mingaverse
, well really actually the
Sesrevagnim
Contains
Ochaverse
Scale
Dimensionality
11+18
Diameter
From 450.4 cenquattortrigintillion - 940.9 cenquintrigintillion
Ochaverses
wide, which comes out to
466.6 quadringenquattortillion (4.66×10
1217
) ly
Kardashev Scale
45
"This is just a knockoff of the regular universe. Who are they fooling?"
The Nenaverse contains the contents of a regular
Universe
, almost 10
722
times more. However, these
Universe
contents… have a catch. They are upscaled massively, and so
Ochaverses
become the subatomic particles of the Nenaverse. These
Ochaverses
can combine, forming Spiralons, an amalgam of
Ochaverses
that to the Nenaverse’s massive inhabitants, serve as the
elementary particles
that we find everywhere in our
Universe
.
! WARNING !
If you excessively alter the Nenaverse's form, the entire Nenaverse will turn into a soup of
Ochaverses
&
Peptaverses
from destabilising too much, killing alot of things.
Spiralons
[
]
First of all, What do Spiralons look like? Well, Spiralons actually all have a fixed size. What varies is how many
Ochaverses
are contained in the Spiralons, and this depends on the size of them, and how densely packed they are. Spiralons tend to be very restricted in size, usually resting at a comfortable 7.2×10
820
ly wide. The shape of Spiralons affects the properties, but, there are a few differences between the two sets of particles.
They have Crystallions.
Crystallions are made by packing
Ochaverses
in an extremely dense fashion. To the MegaNenaversians (Nenaversians are civilizations that control the Nenaverse, MegaNenaversians are the inhabitants of the Nenaverse). As I was saying. To the MegaNenaversians, this appears to be all there is to it. But, we know, that this actually forms a very special material that saturates the
Ochaverses
and hardens them, which is useful for surviving in the
Mingaverses
, as you’ll see later. This material is called Nenaversite. But again, we’ll discuss that in the
Mingaverse
’s section.
There’s a 3rd kind of matter.
You’ve heard of
matter
, you’ve heard of
antimatter
, get ready for the INCREDIBLY creatively named: Nenamatter. When Nenaverse matter and Nenaverse antimatter collide in the Nenaverse, it forms Nenamatter, and a lot of energy. Nenamatter is stable, and can also be used to contain Nenaverse Antimatter, as it is neutral. When Nenamatter is shot with enough Source Particles, it either turns into Nenaverse matter or Nenaverse Antimatter.
There are no electrons or neutrinos.
Electrons DO NOT EXIST in the Nenaverse. Instead, we have what is called Source Particles. These carry energy instead of electrons. What makes them different is that they also radiate particles that are short lived, invisible to the MegaNenaversians, and even acts like a liquid?!? These particles are called:
Mingums
[
]
Mingums are particles that, when accumulated, can be very useful. There are 5 types, and all 5 of these have different uses.
Gravitonium
Incredibly powerful, works long range and only on large objects. Used for pulling together extremely large Verses such as
Sesrevagnim
. Its opposite,
Negatonium,
is much rarer, but can be accumulated to push away other Verses.
Chargium
When charged to the max, it is an incredible battery that lasts almost eternally, and is very energy dense. Its melting point is 6,700K, and when it melts it can potentially destabilize and release all its energy at once (ie. blowing up in your face). Its opposite,
Voidonum,
is used to void nearby energy and particles and send them to the
Arch-Void
. This is often used in interceptors for Chargium missiles, as Voidonum can completely consume the Chargium. Voidonum is typically made by combining a charged Chargium and a micro-
Wormhole
. Shoot two beams of
Glitchonite
and
Lawium
. Using
Glitchonicite
will make the
Arch-Void
attempt to void it as it glitches, out of reality. If successful, the
Wormhole
will link to the
Arch-Void
, and your Voidum is complete. Don’t hold it, unless you want your hand to be voided.
Alternum
This acts alot like light, and so you need special accelerators to capture and store it. But, alternum can be shot as a beam to reroute entire Archversial structures. It is very useful for making smaller verses, like
Peptaverses
and
Ochaverses
more livable areas. The opposite of
Alternum
is
Compressum,
useful for compressing structures while allowing them to stary the same size relative to an observer inside the field. Be careful! Overuse of Compressum can turn your target into a hyper-black hole, like the
Udekaverse
, except much larger and MUCH more dangerous (especially in populated areas).
Destructum
This just destroys stuff. Nenaversians may use this to collaps full
Ochaverses
and gain an almost infinite source of matter and energy. Almost infinite because, as I said in the
Ochaverse
’s page, after about 10
18,910
ly there’s literally nothing, only nonexistence and
Celestial Garbage
. Destructum is a remarkably short-lived Mingum outside of containment. It bears a striking resemblance to the Molecular Detachment Device from Enders Game. If it comes in the vicinity of matter, it converts all the surrounding matter into Destructum. Shortly after, it dissolves into a random selection of matter and energy, but it will not generate any matter that its host matter didn’t contain. When this happens to an
Ochaverse
, the
Ochaverse
loses gravity until it just implodes and releases all its matter at once. This is very useful for Nenaversians, DEFINETELY not for any intelligent life that populated that Ochaverse. There is no opposite, though Convertum could be considered one.
Convertum
This turns into any Mingums it touches. It is also very dense, 1 Convertum Mingum may turn into over 10 other Mingums. There is no opposite, for the opposite of turning into other Mingums is just… not. That’s all Mingums! Although, maybe it would be converting
other
Mingums, which would probably mean Destructum would be a good candidate.