What is a Neoid?
[
]
Neoid / Noid
Rumored / Leaked image of a Neoid.
Scale
Size
Immeasurably tiny, potentially below the concept of size.
EUSI
does not contain actual verses that have been discovered yet
Finality Index
??? / Immeasurable
FOEI
obsolete
Dimensionality
below the concept of dimensionality
Kardashev Scale
neoids somehow have lifeforms on them, but they are below this concept.
Properties
Temperature
same as containing object
Class
-2
Life Percentage
0.00000000000000043%
Shape
despite being below the concept of shape, it appears to be a red square.
Density (Void Percentage)
below the concept of density
Position
Contained by:
Micrubials
Contains:
Neomicrons
Stabilized computer simulation
Neoids
are insanely tiny particles that store (usually) the size of
micrubials
. They were only just recently discovered and are potentially so small that they don't even have size. Unsurprisingly many people do not accept the existence of objects on scales where size begins to lose meaning, however this skepticism is primarily among those unacquainted with the field, with proponents of the Neoids claiming it is strictly necessary for the existence of the micrubials.
Every micrubial has either 1 or 2 neoids inside, the odds of either outcome appearing to be equal, this result based on mean observed neoids per micrubial plateauing at 1.5 after 250 trillion (and 43) samples. Their minuscule size puts them outside the scope of measurement with modern cutting edge equipment. Neoids are just as or slightly more stable than micrubials, and if the neoid is removed from the micrubial, the micrubial will cease to exist.
The only images that have been released to the public are basic computer simulations, and can be seen in the info box to the right of this article. Not yet properly simulated are so-called "rooted neoids" which form from a wildly complex and extremely rare event. The befuddling circumstances which create such rooted neoids are much too convoluted and involved for description here, and are only loosely understood due to the lack of examples to study. Specifically, only one rooted neoid is known to exist. It is difficult to make any sweeping statements about rooted neoids due to our lacking sample size, but they are thought to be very stable. Thankfully so, as any rooted neoid appears to be so entrenched and fundamental to the structure it inhabits that if erased could cause an event on a colossal, monumental scale, a cataclysm which would certainly destroy as great as a
class 14
verse via structural imbalance.