NIHILUM! What is beyond the borders of the Allsphere? You may think it's something but no, it's entirely nothing, not even non existence can describe how "void" this thing is, the only thing it contains is the
Allsphere
and it’s supposed containers, there's no Other Matter, Space, Time, Reality it contains, it's before the Allsphere and will still be here even after the Allsphere is gone (most likely never), infact it is not even nothingness infact it just completely defies comprehension of what it is, it ISN'T. It’s still directly contained by the
very thing it encompasses
. There is no emotion, no light, no dark, no sound, no nothing. There's just an empty void that goes on endlessly, without so much as a single memory that can be recalled in its entirety. Even thoughts cannot exist, because they were one of the many concepts that doesnt exist, just like the rest. Without anything, is there even an "I"? Is there any "you" left? No response, because that's simply not possible. There is nothing. There is nothingness. There is no past, present, or future. There is no "now" or "here". There is not even a "there" for there to be, since there's nothing. Without the concepts of space, time, existence, and reality, everything is simply gone. All concepts, all existence, all possibility is removed. There is nothing that can be done, since every possible action, and any trace of the concept of "
action
" has been removed entirely, and thusly doesn't exist. As Nothingness was without any trace or indication of being, even the very act of existing in Nothing would be a profound violation of all laws. Beyond this point marks things beyond the entire quasi-continuum itself
Nihilum contains Allsphere as a fictional construct
Allsphere contains Nihilum as one layer of reality
This creates a recursive loop where each contains the other
Nihilum
The literal void of nothingness which is less than nothing and does not exist for beings which do not exist at all.
Contained by
The
Allsphere
and nothing else.
Ultirium
Contains
The
Allsphere