Pizza Hut
PIZZA!!!
Scale
Dimensions
6
Size
50,000,000 Light Years
Kardashev Scale
Type 5
Location
Contained by
Pizza Factory
Contains
Vehicular Transmission
Pizza Hut, The most simple Pizza Production verse. Pizza Hut is the place where all 
Pizza Hut, the simpliest verse of Pizza Production. All Pizzas made here are dropped off in Pizzaverse. All types of Pizzas are made here, Gold Pizzas, Diamond Pizzas, and XXL-sized Pizzas. Quintillion amounts of Pizzas are made every day here.
Contents
1
The Workplace
2
Workers
3
Ingredients
4
Trivia
The Workplace
[
]
The Workplace is always clean, because they have 10,000,000 Janitors, easy to make a pizza, although 60% of all Pizza Huts are ran by Robots and Machines, that doesn’t matter, you are accepted here, and we appreciate you, because Pizza Grandmaster, Bob Pizza made it a strict rule that we, the staff team, must always appreciate the workers.
Workers
[
]
If you want to work at a celestial Pizza Hut, then we appreciate you, all you require to work here is -
Common sense.
A sense of humor.
A sense of appreciation.
Not be Involved in God-Politics
Have Past Time Experience
And Finally, know how to make a Pizza.
Ingredients
[
]
Want to know how to make your home made Pizza? Here is the Ingredients for how to make a normal Pizza.
1 1/2 cups (355 ml) warm water (105°F-115°F)
1 package (2 1/4 teaspoons) of active dry yeast
3 3/4 cups (490 g) bread flour
2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil (omit if cooking pizza in a wood-fired pizza oven)
2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon sugar
Pizza Ingredients
Extra virgin olive oil
Cornmeal (to help slide the pizza onto the pizza stone)
Tomato sauce (smooth, or puréed)
Firm mozzarella cheese, grated
Fresh soft mozzarella cheese, separated into small clumps
Fontina cheese, grated
Parmesan cheese, grated
Feta cheese, crumbled
Mushrooms, very thinly sliced if raw, otherwise first sautéed
Bell peppers, stems and seeds removed, very thinly sliced
Italian pepperoncini, thinly sliced
Italian sausage, cooked ahead and crumbled
Chopped fresh basil
Baby arugula, tossed in a little olive oil, added as pizza comes out of the oven
Pesto
Pepperoni, thinly sliced
Onions, thinly sliced raw or caramelized
Ham, thinly sliced
Trivia
[
]
Here are some facts about our Pizza Hut -
The Most Famous Pizza in all of the Box is - papa John‘s Pizza Hut, 100,000,000,000 light years large, and makes 10^277 Pizzas a year, how crazy is that? Papa Johns Pizza Hut has access to every mineral, so you have more options to choose here than any other Pizza Hut.
The Founder of all Pizza Huts is - Pizza Man, and Dan Carney, these 2 are so appreciated that Pizza Man has his own cult, and there is a national statue of Pizza Man and Dan Carney located in, Jimeralon-Pizza/Eclipsed #7777 - The Legends Pizza Solar System, Planet 5, Pizzaworld; Pizza York, 17777 Avenue 123 Street, 1234556.
Every Pizza Hut has a 4 Star rating, except for Papa John’s Pizza Hut, which has a 6 out of 5 star rating. This Page got a 4/10 review by Carl The Redeemer.