Proto-Xenoverse folding
, otherwise known as the
Halgionic process
, is a phenomena that occurs before a
Xenoverse
is formed and one which creates
Metaverses
and
Multiverses
as the
Proto-Xenoverse
becomes a fully formed Xenoverse.
Why it occurs
[
]
This process occurs due to very high amounts of chaos particles in the
Hyperverse
+ Xenoverse system disturbing the sensitive surface of the Proto-Xenoverse on cosmic scales (which in reference to an entire Hyperverse or Xenoverse might be very small) through 6 dimensions.
The process
[
]
During the Halgionic process, the surface of a Proto-Xenoverse is pushed around by forces caused by the
chaos particles
in the chaos field. This is due to all
Archverses
with borders having slight perturbations in the chaos field that get weaker as the distance from the border increases. These forces aren't bound by dimensionality, allowing particles to knit and knot the surface of the Proto-Xenoverse in random and complex ways.
After the Proto-Xenoverse has reached it's critical size point, which is dictated by the energy of the particle creating it, known as the
Halgionic carrier
, the Proto-Xenoverse will break off of the Hyperverse's surface, snapping back all folds which then become Metaverses and Multiverses.
This snapping is done instantly after the Halgionic carrier uses up all of its energy and closes the Xenoverse. The particle itself acts as a window into the Hyperverse, thus making the Xenoverse itself not a closed system and the chaos particles inside a part of a larger voluminous system. However, upon the closing of the Proto-Xenoverse, the chaos particles inside of the now Xenoverse become a part of only the much smaller enclosed system Xenoverse, which requires the Xenoverse to then readjust its volume whilst retaining surface area to make up for the new increase in entropy and chaos. It does this by becoming a near-perfect sphere. This process is called the
Halgionic decoupling
.
The perturbations on the Proto-Xenoverse's surface, since they have been entangled, have become off-shoots from the surface in the same way how the Proto-Xenoverse is still a part of the surface of its host Hyperverse. As such, during the Halgionic decoupling, these folds break off into their own systems. However, in the same way as described above, these subsection must then themselves readjust due to the new chaos particles they've acquired.
Failed Xenoverses
[
]
If the Halgionic carrier has enough energy to start creating a Xenoverse, but very little that then remains to actually create the Xenoverse, the Proto-Xenoverse will not capture enough chaos to need to readjust its geometry after Halgionic decoupling, and thus remain
non-existent
and have no Metaverses or Multiverses. The Proto-Xenoverse will thus remain a Proto-Xenoverse forever, just slowly drifting along the background noise of the Hyperverse, not interacting with most natural structures. These are called
failed Xenoverse, ghost Xenoverses, phantom Xenoverses
, or any such other terms.