Background
[
]
Q-011
Scale
Size
x100 of
our Universe
Position
Contained by:
Metaverse
Q-011 is a classification type-mini (or "bottom-feeder")
Black Box
, located right outside
our multiverse
. Multivets have shown that it is approximately 100 times larger than our universe and relatively stable with no growth or loss in size. Internal deconstruction has shown small evolutionary behavior, indicating a possible precursor ecosystem-like conceptual structure. In it's current state, it preys on esoteric concepts, presumably out of human conceivable
Idea Space
, however, it's effects on our reality are noticeable given special instruments. Specifically, it appears to affect random forces and laws of physics in tiny ways. These changes are indirect, as a result of potentially being linked conceptually to the extra-normal concepts being destroyed or targeted by Q-011. The laws of physics themselves are not altered by Q-011, but happen due to byproducts.
Q-011, due to it's small size, does not prey on other Black Boxes, and is therefore classified as a bottom feeder or bottom of the food chain. Despite it having very little effect on the general
Omniverse
, it seems to be extremely well at censoring it's internal parts as a possible defense mechanism. Like most other Black Boxes, it is able to remain completely unaffected by most informational attacks due to severe selective evolutionary pressure from attacks by defending advanced lifeforms. It presumably originated from a smaller copy of another, larger, Black Box. However, the existence of this Black Box has yet to be confirmed.
Overall, Q-011 is a mysterious Black Box, although it seems to pose only moderate threat to reality despite it's closeness. Current operations are the attempts at researching and decoding Q-011's internal parts to show cause-and-effect relationships between different parts and it's effects on our reality. Newer evidence suggests that it is preying upon dark energy and empty space, causing exponential decays in the estimated expansion of the universe by 10^120.
When Q-011 is observed by an individual, they may undergo structural degradation which lasts for 6 months. The effects are vague and do not have any common underlying features, they may present as physical, mental or even have no observable effects besides loss of consciousness. Mortality rate is estimated to be around 5% when left untreated, and no deaths have occurred when treated, even with advanced symptoms. Q-011's infohazardous effects are quite easily negated by current technology and equipment constructed by the
Cosmic Infohazard Protective Organization
.
To prevent small-probability high-level disruptions in the laws of physics, the CIPO is constructing a long-term plan to contain or move the item away from our universe. The main plan involves generating esoteric ideas with Portable Black Box Generators and sending them to conceptual areas for Q-011 to consume. These ideas will contain encoded instructions that hope to make Q-011 follow the idea. The project also hopes to avoid triggering defense mechanisms which may completely halt the program, with research concerning Q-011's conceptual makeup in progress.