Quexaverse
Natural Position
Contained by
Peptaverse
Contains
Rintaverse
Scale
Dimensionality
9+14
Diameter
On average about 34.1 centrigintillion LY - 32.2 cendotrigintillion LY… average being
650.8 cenuntrigtillion LY
Kardashev Scale
30
"Incredibly useful, incredibly dangerous. Reminds me of something..."
The Quexaverse is actually not visible to the human eye(although animals that see UV light can). So, what you see here is simply a visualisation of the fields the Quexaverse creates. This image was created using UV radiation and gravity field visualiation. The Quexaverse has incredibly bent gravity, and due to this, the Quexaverse has formed ‘portals’ to other areas of the Quexaverse and even outside the Quexaverse, simply by letting gravity take you. Advanced civilizations have taken advantage of this and now can travel huge distances by mapping out the areas. The
Rintaverses
in this area are actually mostly connected via very tiny tendrils. The boundaries are usually defined by when the connections grow very thin.
Kindaverses
often form massive ‘dark spots’ between the
Rintaverses
, which are usually just an abyss, but these abysses have grown multiple dangerous structures. Quexaverse-controlling civilizations have created new ‘superhighways’ out of
Rintaverse
tendrils, which has further allowed ease of transportation. Some Quexaverse-controlling civilizations may even artificially manipulate the field, creating Quexa-portals to high traffic destinations.
! WARNING !
That small spot at the center? DON'T GO THERE. Alright just trust me bro
Quektonite
[
]
Mining the Quexaverse fields creates Quektonite. Quektonite is a very versatile substance that will take on properties of almost any substance it is exposed to. Quektonite is incredibly useful for
Rintaversal
forming, in production of
Sortaverse Matter
. It can also produce
Lawium
,
Fishonite
(altough there are better ways of obtaining from larger universes), and even extremely rare minerals needed for other Quexaverse technology.
Several zones in the Quexaverse, however, are no-mans zones. These zones are incredibly volatile, and attempting to tamper with them may cause an explosion of devastating proportions. This is due to
Quektonicite,
an INCREDIBLY volatile substance that when in large enough quantities can seriously mess up reality. Thankfully, it is rare, but it is used in military operations, especially in war between Quexaverses or even
Peptaverses
. Quektonicite is also one of the few minerals that are not affected by the properties of Quektonite. Attempting to do this often causes the entire chunk to explode. This is often yet another deadly tactic that rival Quexaverses may use to destroy another Quexaverse. 1 kg of Quektonite may release as much as 5.4×10
20
joules of energy, making it about 3,000x more destructive than
antimatter
.