“
get the fuck away from me and my universe
”
— random quiggler
Quigglers
Quiggler on the universe UNI-4721
Power
big
IQ
varies between 0-1
Diet
Anything floating in a multiverse
Size
1 trillion ly
Where to Find
Multiverses
Quigglers
are
multiversal
entities that are very big and pretty dumb. Although they can talk, they usually confine themselves to short rude phrases. They eat basically anything that comes close to them, and they reproduce by changing a universe's laws so that it almost exclusively creates quiggler eggs. They have a size of 1 trillion ly, and they live for 100 billion years on average. For energy they just eat whatever comes by them, including other universes if they're small enough! wow!!! They can only be repelled by
wiffle balls
since they are toxic to quigglers, their eggs can be bat away with
wiffle ball
bats.
Inferno
universes also kill them due to their temperature.
Life cycle
[
]
Quiggler egg hurdling through multiversal space
When a quiggler egg hits a universe's border, it hatches into a quiggler that sucks matter from that universe until it becomes an adult, which is basically when it envelops the whole universe (this normally takes 10 million years). Then it starts producing particles that get sent through their legs into the universe, and these particles start changing the universe's laws so that the universe starts producing quadrillions of quiggler eggs. When the universe is fully transformed and has a whole buncha eggs, the universe explodes along with the quiggler and sends all of the eggs into the multiverse to hit more universes.
Appearance
[
]
Quigglers have a head with a lot of eyes to see (no shit dr. holmes!!1), although 2 of their ayes are bigger than the others, which are their main eyes. They have mouths to eat and arms to grab random verses to eat. They have a pretty long torso, and at the bottom of it they have a lot of long legs that spew out the particles. And finally they have an abdomen which has the organs and stuff to make the particles.
Quigglers also have a bit of fur for no reason, and every follicle has the thickness of an entire galaxy filament, where there are entire ecosystems that evolve for billions of years.