Main article:
「God」
Real life
is a term /
concept
originally used in literature to differentiate between the real world and
fictional
, virtual, or idealized worlds. In acting, it serves to distinguish between the actors and the
characters
they portray. Over time, the term has become widely adopted on the Internet to describe events, individuals, activities, and interactions occurring offline, outside of the digital realm. It also serves as a metaphor for contrasting different aspects of life, such as the distinction between vocational and academic settings or the difference between adulthood and childhood. Real Life is also the concept directly above the
MetaFegens
.
Real Life is located pretty much anywhere in
2nd looped structures
or even 1st looped ones, if the latters are large enough. It contains the Internet, all the authors (including me), and even their physical spaces like homes and cities. Essentially, Real Life encompasses all of existence beyond the scope of virtual realms, covering everything from the most mundane to the grandest concepts. There is nothing that comes close to Real Life, save for certain specific beings that may inhabit or influence it. Despite all the information and entertainment available online, it’s Real Life that remains the foundation of everything we know.
As distinct from fiction
[
]
The term "Real Life" has a long history when used to distinguish between fictional worlds or
universes
and the consensus reality of the reader. Authors often portray characters or settings that reflect or exaggerate aspects of Real Life, though these depictions can be more vivid or intense than actual experiences.
As Fyodor Dostoevsky states in
The Idiot
(1868–69):
“Authors, as a rule, attempt to select and portray types rarely met with in their entirety, but these types are nevertheless more real than real life itself.”
In her 1788 work,
Original Stories from Real Life; with Conversations Calculated to Regulate the Affections, and Form the Mind to Truth and Goodness
, Mary Wollstonecraft used the term "Real Life" to describe a middle-class ethos, contrasting it with the ideals of fairy tales and other forms of fiction. As Gary Kelly explains, the phrase "Real Life" in this context strengthens "original", suggesting a focus on everyday, unembellished reality, excluding the artificial or imaginary.