Santa Claus
Rules over
The North Pole
Age
A couple of centuries, give or take -- might be immortal
Size
Fat
Knowledge
When you are sleeping, when you are awake, when you've been bad or good (and unfortunately you've been rather naughty)
Power
To fly all around the Earth in a single night, breaking into all your homes without you ever knowing, being able to read all those letters sent his way
Goals
eat all your cookies
Species
Big red man
Look, I know what y'all are thinking. "Why write an article on
Santa Claus
if he's not even relevant to the focus of the
wiki
?" Well, this wiki has powerful
cosmic entities
as a focus, right?
And honestly—if you think that some omniscient multiple centuries old very sizeable magical being who regularly flies around the circumference of the planet, surviving physics-defying supersonic speeds all in singular nights without any of the mortal inhabitants being able to catch him in the act doesn't qualify, I don't know what to tell you.
Personality
[
]
Now ol' St.
Nick
, he's a pretty jolly good fellow, I say. I mean, Christ, he's a goddamn saint! I can assure you his nine flying reindeer and elves are treated very kindly and the working conditions at the North Pole don't violate any OSHA regulations. (crosses fingers behind back)
And even though Father Christmas seems like a bit of a creep—I mean, watching children while they sleep? And breaking into all their homes?! (wtf) I promise, it's all just to know if they've been bad or good. The good kids all get presents like toys and whatnot while the bad ones all get lumps of coal. Now since er.... we're in a bit of a coal shortage at the moment, um.... Look, I know it's not the most ethical but uhhh... could you maybe like, punch your little brother until he cries or something? I'll give you five dollars as financial compensation if you do it.
Santa's favourite food is cookies with milk. Can't blame him, honestly. Very delicious. Now I would normally suggest fat old bastards like him to lay off on that as eating nothing but chocolate chip cookies can't possibly be good for his health but considering he's still kicking and productive after all these centuries, I think he's doing rather well for himself.
Santa likes to say "ho ho ho."
Imposters
[
]
Now I'm sure y'all wanna write your letters to the big guy, tell him what you want for Christmas. That's all fine and dandy, but be warned -- come November or December or so at the shopping malls, you're gonna see long lines of children waiting to go see Santa.
Do not be deceived, those "Santas" are fakers! They're not the
real
Santa and if you pour your heart out to any of them giving out your wishes, desires, and social security number, well, let's just say you won't be having the best holiday vacation (if you know what I mean). You'd have to trek all the way up to the geomagnetic North Pole, surviving frigid temperatures, avoiding getting killed and eaten by polar bears, just to even have the chance of finding the real Santa (and yes, unlike most entities on this wiki who are fictional--Santa is very much real).
If you don't like the idea of potentially dying of hypothermia just to have a word with the guy, well, we've all got a project going on to burn all the Earth's fossil fuels to accelerate climate change so all that pesky Arctic ice in the way can be rid of. Sounds fucked but hey if Santa's just going to give me coal all the time, might as well get some good use out of it.