Sentient Substance
A blob of Sentient Substance. This one is sad with a little touch of happy
Chemical
Chemical Symbol
SeSu
Element Number
???
Area of periodic table
Currently unknown.
Phase (Room temp.)
Liquid, very thick
Synthetically Created?
No
Coordination Number
Currently unknown
Appearance
Color / Patterns
Depends on Emotion
Opacity
Fully Opaque
Texture
Currently unknown
Luster
Currently unknown
Properties
Found
Can Vary
Label
Currently unknown
Uses
Not really anything
Conductivity
0 resistance.
Radioactive?
No
Cleavage / Fracture
None
Density
Currently unknown
Misc. Properties
Sentient
Sentient Substance is an element that is the only known periodic table element that its molecule is completely sentient. It can follow instructions, communicate, and show emotions by color. It is one of the only elements that have multiple word names, and this is only 2 words.
Out of a whole blob, only one SeSu2 molecule has sentience. If every single molecule had sentience, the blob wouldn't be properly controlled with all the molecules doing different things. They do this by all choosing a certain SeSu2 molecule in the blob, then disabling sentience and giving that chosen molecule priority over them. If that molecule is destroyed, the molecule notifies all the other molecules in the blob with the original molecule's memories and personality carried with the signal and then the others re-enable sentience and the process loops. Some of them (about a quarter) know how to do basic tasks and 1 in 100 know how to write and read. It is still unknown how they do this. A sentient substance's favorite food is grass, although it will readily eat cheese or
toxicuandaic slurry
. They are a popular pet for little children, who find them fascinating. They are a main export of
Terabithia
. They reproduce by dividing in 2 after a meal, although they don't need food.
It can communicate with entities via telepathy, and it's still unknown how it does this.
Emotion Key
[
]
Sentient Substance also glows to express different strengths of an emotion. For example, if it's glowing red, it's angrier than if it was plain red.
Color
Emotion
Glowing
Green
Happy
Ecstatic
Blue
Sad
Miserable
Red
Angry
Furious
Yellow
Excited
Hyped Up
Purple
Shy
Embarassed
Gray
Scared
Terrified
Black
Neutral
N/A
Teal
Tired
Exhausted
Pink
Confused
Stumped
Orange
Thinking
Deep In Thought
Multi
color
Multiple Emotions
Multiple Emotions of Different Strengths
Fusions
[
]
This section will list the known fusions of Sentient Substance with other materials, and their properties.
Fusion
Properties
Primordium Delta
If Sentient Substance touches Primordium Delta, it will fuse with it, becoming much more powerful and being able to create its own verses. This doesn't affect its personality much, however the power boost itself might drive itself to use it for evil.
Primordium Omega
Sentient Substance is usually terrified of Primordium Omega, and will repel itself against it. If it is confined in a small enough space that is flooded with Primordium Omega, the Sentient Substance might have no room to avoid it, and might be fused with it. This causes it to become an emotionless entity that attempts to kill anything in its path. It usually spreads itself around into smaller blobs that still somehow are directly controlled by the original blob. If the Primordium Omega is separated from the Sentient Substance, it most likely will be traumatized from the fusion.
Trosinium
Due to Trosinium being exclusive to the V&D wiki, this fusion can only exist in certain
Cosmolines
. If this fusion does exist in a Cosmoline, it may usually be where the Sentient Substance's personality can be rewired and programmed due to the programmable properties of Trosinium.
Glitchonicite
This is similar to the fusion with Primordium Omega, however it is more glitchy than murderous. It might randomly switch to an entirely different emotion abruptly, or even change into a color that doesn't indicate any known emotion that Sentient Substance can feel. It usually communicates random noises to entities, and has random glitchy spasms that may reach and glitch out entities that are nearby.
It is theorized that Creature #1 in
The Out
is a blob of this fusion also fused with Primordium Omega.
How Sentient substance and other stuff is made