Seven
What a Seven could look like
Scale
Size
167.908 Trillion ly
Dimensionality
3
Kardashev Scale
0
Properties
Life Percentage
0%
Shape
Spherical
Position
Contained by:
Eights
Contains:
Sixs
Sevens
("
Baw
" in
The Pencil Language
or
Zet
in Future English) are the verses that contain
Sixs
. Unlike them though, they're accessible, but is quite hard to get to, due to the steps required.
How to Enter
[
]
There are exactly 3 steps that you have to take to just get to a Seven. All of these steps require virtually infinite precision, and are very hard to achieve. Roughly 79
creatures
in our local
Box
have successfully made it to a Seven.
First, you have to start from a
Four
, and travel infinitely fast towards its borders. Right when you hit its borders, you will have to switch your existence state. You can do this with advanced technology (which is the preferred way to go), or glitch yourself with corruptive substances (which is not preferred). This step is the hardest for many creatures, and many have just glitched into
Unexistence
when hitting the borders.
Once you successfully finished the first step, you will land into a placeholder verse that is otherwise inaccessible. You will have to break through the placeholder verse's borders. All you need to do is puncture a hole through the verse, and escape.
After you broke through the placeholder verse's border, you will end up in an alternate version of the Four you were in before. If you are lucky, a portal at its center will take you to a Seven. If no portal shows up, you will have to do steps 1 and 2 again. This is easily the most time-consuming step, and has gotten many creatures extremely frustrated over trying to get to the local Seven.
Structure
[
]
Of the creatures who successfully got to a Seven, they took extensive notes on their strange structure.
Sevens contain exactly 7
Sixs
inside them, which move in a very specific way, traveling π meters per second around the center of their Seven.
The Core
[
]
Sevens are also the only verses in the
One Chain
that have a core at their center which is spherical, and is made out of an unknown substance. The substance seems to only have one state of matter (solid), and glows a deep red. This core has also been seen to occasionally give off huge amounts of gamma radiation that travel throughout their local Seven.