Contents
1
Introduction
2
Technology
3
Timeline
3.1
Future
3.2
Far Future
Introduction
[
]
Smallians
are extremely tiny
entities
, even smaller than
Okays
, in fact. That's also the reason they received such name.
Smallian
Knowledge
Not very much
IQ
-1,000, which is surprisingly high for their amount of brain cells
Power
1/13,572,247 of an Okay
Goals
Varies. Most tend to have goals of staying alive, improving smallian life, building revolutionary smallian technology, etc.
Size
Only slightly larger than a group of 4 Primordium Particles at largest. Babies are only about the size of a few
Blueprint Particles
at the least.
Alignment
True neutral
Made of
Blueprint Particles
Rules over
Nothing
Smallians are so tiny, in fact, that they can walk around on extremely tiny
particles
, and their largest “cities” are thousands of times smaller than a
preon
. They don’t have to eat, drink, or breathe because anything they could use to do that (other than maybe eat) is too large for them to use.
They are located everywhere, and if something says that nothing lives there, these most likely do, as they are too small for most conditions to have any effect on them. If one comes in contact with primordium omega, they will die, however they are too small for toxicium to get them. They are a bit small for glitchonicite to get, but they might end up getting glitched anyways. They are so small that they can walk in between the particles that make some of the densest materials. In fact, they can fit through a negative-sized space because their size is also negative. They are sentient. Also, the five senses are not something they have. They don’t even have any of the lesser senses like feeling tempurature! They also don’t have very much in their body, and they don’t feel pain simply because their body isn’t able to.
They are somehow managing to become more intelligent, as when the species first began, they had -ω IQ but now they have -1,000 IQ on average. It is hypothesized that their average IQ will become -999.9999999999 in a few undecillion
OYC
.
Technology
[
]
their IQ is still pretty intelligent on their scale, and in the near future, some of their technology may include making blueprint particle structures by relocating blueprint particles to create primordium. Their current technology involves extracting blueprint particles from primordium, but they tend to not do this.
Timeline
[
]
Timeline
OYC
Event
Notes
Other
-5 Ω
The first smallians emerge
They are created by pre-bongus gods messing with blueprint particle structures.
Most of these smallians die.
-2 Ω
They learn to reproduce.
The only reason the species survived this long was because of their lifespan and accidental reproduction before they learn to control it.
Their numbers almost quintuple.
-9 googolplexian OYC
The smallians explore other atoms for the first time.
It is unknown how they did this, as atoms are huge for them.
More research is necessary.
-82 googol OYC
Smallians gain a small boost in power and also colonize other molecules.
In this case, ‘colonize’ means ‘have 1 temporarily or permanantly located in for a long time’
Smallian power grows by 10% and their numbers have almost quintupled again!
-625 million OYC
Smallians now exist on planets and moons due to catching rides on alternate asteroids and their locations quickly become almost infinitely spread out.
’Almost Infinitely’ doesn’t make sense... ?
They soon end up inside stars and in other solar systems and even galaxies.
-23 OYC
Smallians exist everywhere
The wikiverse officially recognizes them and spreads them into almost all verses.
They are some of the only known creatures that have reached
Six
despite it’s inaccessibility and don’t have full access to the core of everything. Them, as well as all other creatures to accomplish this, are practically cheating using the laws of reality.
340 OYC
Smallian population is cut to about 68.27512%
They find various things that are strong and kill them and stuff so they go brrrr hahahaha
They have almost completely regenerated from 340 OYC as of today.
Future
[
]
11,348 OYC: these parasites have populated
ten
. don't ask how
~1,264,702 OYC: they put forward the theory that there is something bigger than a box.
googolplex OYC: these devils have more aikyu than a couple of weak gods.
30
ll
300  OYC: they have populated the entire official hierarchy + they can already create their own chain of finity verses.
50^600 OYC: they have already populated the entire extended hierarchy. They can create chains of infinity verses.
w OYC:  they have reached the power of bongus. Or even chunky cheese,
Ω^^^Ω OYC: they have populated the entire imagination of the alphasm. Even the 2nd realm.  they made an improved version of the terminal terminal.
Far Future
[
]
⊙
{\displaystyle \odot}
OYC: they have exceeded OBL+ from the fictional googology wiki (and have exceeded smallest unbranchable limit)
⊙
+
1
{\displaystyle \odot +1}
OYC: they have exceeded the entire field of fictional googology, hypercosmology, hyperology, other ologies that arent fictional googology, and all other fields.
(coming soon)