(wip) Something higher is a simple concept, but quite unbreakable. It is the fact that no matter an entity's strength there will always be something higher or stronger that created it. Any creature in any type of verse you can name will always have something higher than it. Said creature may not be known at the time of reading this, but there is always something in a higher plane of existence or is a higher plane of existence itself. Because of this nothing has reached true infinity in power and is still infinitely lacking, a character may be the strongest known thing although that doesn't mean said creature can never be defeated.
this is literally just leftunknown's first axiom.
This is literally just leftunknown's first axiom.
The origins of this concept are still currently unknown and likely will be for a long time, though it still can be somewhat proven through science. One idea for how it was created is that at the beginning of beginnings something got fed up with people saying "my characters stronger because i said so" and made this, though likely not true because this type of thing isn't exactly just "made", but instead just existing due to logic.
Something higher is a concept that transcends all concepts including itself, because of this it exists in every realm / dimension including realms that transcend concepts such as the true place, etc. This means it applies to every being in existence or out of existence including beings such as
The Creator
,
The One True God
and more. This concept can somewhat disprove power scaling ranking tiers as it means every character is infinitely stronger than an infinite amount of characters, but also infinitely weaker than infinite characters. So by the law Something Higher, power scaled ranks must be decided of the power of the feats, and not the amount or size such as "outscaling infinite beings". As according to this concept everything has, but everything is also weaker. If an entity is by definition immune to the concept of something higher, then something higher just becomes immune to that layer of countering. example A = bdef > SH, therefore SH > A. While it may seem like this would be contradictory / cancel out, it would not because it is a sequence, even if taking place in quantum time, it still is a sequence and therefore does not cancel out. There is another way to say that this does not cancel out, and that is that the later statement eliminates the previous (priority).