Spicespace
Natural Position
Contained by
Anywhere in any reality
Scale
Dimensionality
The same dimensionality as the reality it's in
Diameter
Undefinable
A
Spicespace
is a layer of reality that adds "spice" to said reality. Every verse has different Spicespaces, and it is difficult to explain a different Spicespace without having experienced said Spicespace yourself.
Contents
1
What is a Spicespace?
2
Different Spicespaces
3
Familiar Spicespaces
4
Difference between Dimensionality and Spicespaces
What is a Spicespace?
[
]
Spicespaces are elements of a verse, and they can each be sensed by a living thing in different ways. They are technically senses or things you can be aware of. Most of these are manipulated by spatial dimensions, such as sound, smell or texture. They are not dimensional, meaning space and time are
not Spicespaces
. Anything that a living thing can be aware of and is not dimensional is usually a Spicespace. Some Spicespaces can be measured using units, such as sound being measured in volume, while others can only be defined using arbitrary words.
Different Spicespaces
[
]
It is very atypical for two nearby
verses
to have different Spicespaces, due to the fact that you can travel from one to the other and that Spicespaces do not have physical borders. Spaces in different
dimensions
,
Existence Ranks
or
Physical Realms
will most likely have very different Spicespaces, though. Therefore, it is impossible to be in multiple different Spicespaces at the same time unless you are in a different Realm.
Familiar Spicespaces
[
]
The Spicespaces most readers of this article will experience include, but are not limited to:
Name
Description
Sound
The "noise" you hear, with a different amount of volume and different sounds you hear.
Smell
The texture of the air you inhale with your nose. This smell can be stronger in a different type of smell.
Texture
The feeling of the objects you touch.
Taste
How your tongue may react to objects. These are defined by definitions such as "sweet" or "bitter".
Temperature
How "hot" or "cold" objects or air feels. This is similar to texture, but it is measured by heat, instead of being arbitrarily defined.
Force
The feeling of the speed and direction you are moving. If it is equal to another object, it might not feel like much.
Difference between Dimensionality and Spicespaces
[
]
The physical elements that create Spicespaces are not Spicespaces. For example, the sound waves aren't Spicespaces, they just create the Sound Spicespace.
Spicespaces aren't physical or dimensional
, they are just the "layer" that anyone can be aware of. The physical or dimensional objects that create Spicespaces are known as Spicespace Jigs.