Stella Nova
Rules over
Her various failed
universes
.
Age
Immortal
Size
As tall as an average adult
human
.
Knowledge
Knows of nothing but her own ideas.
Power
To create
universes
at her will and trap them in her music box.
Goals
Create the perfect utopia.
About
[
]
Stella Nova
is a
goddess
who has the power to create
universes
with her own thoughts in an instant. She is made of pure light and energy, one glance at her would blind the victim. Her goal is to make the perfect utopia so she can give birth to children and they could live there. She resides in
Karano
.
Some lore
[
]
She has many failed universes that were supposed to be the utopia, so she made a music box to store all of them. When said music box is played, the universes inside start to decompile and eventually turn to dust. The reason for this is because if a universe stays inside it for too long, it has enough time to create life.
Her first attempt at making the utopia failed, so she put it in the music box and at the time, she did not know that it could create life. A girl named Lexia Mania was born in the universe and escaped the music box after many attempts, and wanted to kill Stella for trapping her. Lexia is made of pure darkness. Stella, very worried, made a sword named the Sword of Light and stabbed Lexia in the heart, killing the latter. To ensure this wouldn’t happen again, Stella would decide she’d kill the universes after a short period of time to prevent life from happening. When Lexia was killed, she reincarnated as a phoenix, outside of the music box. Instead of fighting Stella, she hid her entire life until she had her child.
After many attempts, she finally made the perfect utopia and could birth children there. She had a daughter named Star. Star lived in the utopia for the rest of her life. Lexia snuck in the utopia and tells Star to kill Stella. Star denies, but Lexia threatens her telling her that if she wouldn’t do it, Lexia would destroy the utopia. Lexia forges a new sword, called the Sword of Darkness. Star still denies, so Lexia decides she’d take matters into her own hands and kill both of them with the sword. Star gets stabbed in the heart, then Lexia attempts to kill Stella, but there was a problem. Stella still had the Sword of Light. But Lexia didn’t care about that. Lexia was foolish, she flew too close to the sun. She flew to Stella wielding the sword and Stella jumps to get the Sword of Light, and stabs Lexia just in time.
Gallery
[
]
Lexia Mania (old)
Stella’s Music Box (outside)
Stella’s Music Box (inside)
The Sword of Light
Star Nova
Lexia Mania (phoenix)
The Sword of Darkness
Lexia Mania