The Difficulty Hierarchy
is a hierarchy that has a variety of difficulties that you can use to say how hard a given task is. Unlike the other hierarchies, the entries here do not need their own pages and are organized in a table. The difficulties are divided into classes, with lower classes being easier and the higher classes being harder. Feel free to add more difficulties and classes!
This was inspired by
the JJT wiki
. Check them out!
Contents
1
Score
2
Rules
3
The Hierarchy
3.1
Class 0:
Cellular level
3.2
Class 1:
Human level
3.3
Class 2:
Feeshial Level
Score
[
]
Score is a value that says how hard the difficulty is. The larger the score, the harder the difficulty. Neighboring difficulties do not need to have adjacent scores, and larger gaps between the difficulties mean that the second difficulty is much harder than the first. The score of a difficulty also loosely correlates to the
DPRS
rating of an entity that would find doing that difficulty "average", so for example since a human has a DPRS rating of 1 then they would find the difficulty with score 1 (Normal) average.
Rules
[
]
Here are the rules to add difficulties:
The difficulty must have a name, an icon and a score.
Icons can be any image as long as it's square. Transparency is allowed!
If you made an icon specifically for a difficulty, then add "difficulty" somewhere in the filename (optional).
Make icons distinctive (or at least not very similar to other icons).
Icon size can be whatever you want, but it has to be displayed in this page at 30x30px! If the icon has glowy stuff outside it like the ones for human level, then try to scale it up appropriately so it looks consistent with the others.
If you make an icon with low resolution like a pixel art icon, then make it higher resolution before uploading, because Fandom makes icons with low pixel count blurry which sucks.
Score can be decimal and can increment by any value from difficulty to difficulty.
You can add classes lower than 1 (eg 0 or -1 or -2).
You can add difficulties wherever you want, even inbetween other difficulties that already exist.
The Hierarchy
[
]
With that out of the way, here are the difficulties!
Class 0:
Cellular level
[
]
These difficulties are extremely easy for humans, and are average for inferior beings like cells or other animals.
Icon
Name
Score
Description
Basic
0.01
Not possible by unicellular life. This include specialised tasks such as that of a neuron, which cannot fend for itself, but does a vital job.
Mundane
0.05
The class terminator of class 0. This difficulty is for activities that are only possible by relatively complex multicellular life.
Class 1:
Human level
[
]
These difficulties are the ones that are in the skill range of an average
human
or the whole
human
race.
Icon
Name
Score
Description
Automatic
0.1
Automatic day-to-day activities that don't require effort. Eg. breathing.
Elementary
0.25
Routine things we do daily, like walking.
Easy
0.5
An easy task, but requires some effort, eg. running (for short periods)
Simple
0.75
A simple task, may require some effort. Eg. reading.
Normal
1
Difficulty a task an average
human
can do without much difficulty. Eg. carrying bags
Difficult
1.5
A difficult or long process, but not by much. Eg. cleaning your room.
Hard
2
A hard task. This may include carrying a large amount of groceries home, or cleaning a house.
Harder
3
An even harder task. This may include something like studying for an exam.
Challenging
4
A very challenging task, for example: writing a multi-page essay.
Intense
8
An intense task that requires dedication. For example, learning a new skill.
Insane
16
An insanely hard task that requires serious dedication. For example,
resisting the urge to spam the comments with "PROTOGENS FOR LIFE"
writing a whole novella.
Insurmountable
32
Almost impossible for one person unless they put in months of work. For example, becoming experienced in a skill.
Extreme
64
Requires many people or lots of work and training. Eg. becoming fluent in a language or building a highly sophisticated machine.
Impossible
128
100% impossible for 1 person. Requires a whole team of specialised and skilled people. Eg. building a house.
Unbelievable
512
A task that requires the culmination of many, many people. Eg. building a supercomputer.
Fabled
2048
The peak of human achievement; the coming together of the best and most skilled people on all of Earth to create something truly amazing. Eg. building the LHC.
Indescribable
8192
This difficulty is something that would be completely and utterly unheard of; the result of several decades of work.
Incomprehensible
32768
A SUPER hard task, for example, colonising all of Mars.
Unforgiving
131072
This difficulty level is something that would truly alter the course of humanity permanently. It would transcend anything ever done before, EVER!!! For example, building a Dyson Swarm around the Sun.
Unspeakable
524288
Monumental achievements such as colonising all the planets.
Unthinkable
2097152
This difficulty lacks description because it's so incomprehensibly hard you wouldn't BELIEVE it, but this is something like fully controlling the Solar System or going to Proxima Centauri.
Unimaginable
8388608
As the name suggests, it's really unimaginable. So unimaginable I can't even think of an example!
Immeasurable
33554432
This would be, like, colonising all nearby star systems.
Ludicrous
134217728
I need to quit yapping.
Enigmatic
536870912
This difficulty is very strange... So strange there are no examples- okay yeah I'll admit I have no ideas.
Esoteric
2147483648
This would be like colonising 1% of our galaxy, which is a LOT! A LOT A LOT! A LOT LOT LOT LOT LOT LOT LOT LO- can you please shut up?
Mystifying
8589934592
This would be like colonising, like 5-10% of our galaxy. Which may seem weird but remember human progress is exponential.
Unknowable
34359738368
The final difficulty. This is like colonising the whole Milky Way. This is also the class terminator of the Human Class. Afterwards, it's the Feeshial Class.
Class 2:
Feeshial Level
[
]
According to Feesh Lore, the Feesh were created right as humanity finished colonising the Milky Way. And their conquest of the Omniverse began around the time when humanity exited their Multiverse.
These difficulties are the ones that are in the skill range of the
Feesh
race.