The Meta-Box
Scale
Size
>Quantifiability
EUSI
☼
Finality Index
☼
FOEI
☼
Dimensionality
Contains all dimensions, and everything even tangentially related to the concept.
Kardashev Scale
☼
Properties
Temperature
no loj
Class
Meta-Class 4
Life Percentage
~0%
Shape
Hypercubic
Position
Contained by:
The null abyss
Contains:
All
Powertree
verses, and basically every verse.
about
[
]
(WORK IN PROGRESS)
The Meta-Box is the largest possible box. It contains every superpossible
[
1
]
verse, particle, object, mathematical construct, concept, and box. This is the first true hyperverse, and every true hyperverse to come after it is vastly larger, to the point where size and quantifiability are even more irrelevant than they already were.
[
2
]
It is pretty much a massive EABA, but obviously you can make larger true hyperverses. Also it looks really cool, being a hypercube of incomprehensible enormity, and including a hypersphere visible on the inside that shows every color you can see. Its inside is in constant rotation, warping endlessly, while the outside is completely static. In the event that the outside is not a completely closed shape that has complete containment over the inside, the inside will literally spill out of it within 1/1024 of a second, or a little under a millisecond. However, this has never happened, and it is unknown if it's even possible to happen. The outside is made of a very unknown, scarcely studied material called priesium, which is almost impossible to research for unknown reasons. (lazy writing) It is contained by a massive void, which is vastly bigger than this. The meta box also contains every notion, law, size, property, verse, and also itself with enormously vast recursion, to an extent greater than
Chirae
and the VAD box. The Meta-Box contains anything with a finality index, FOEI, dimensionality, and EUSI. It also contains everything and nothing, and all existences, nonexistences, superexistences, and semiexistences. It is impossible to surpass the "size" of the meta box, but there are larger things still. Such larger things are vastly bigger than the meta box, to the point where it is immeasurable in comparison. Similarly, anything smaller than the meta box is not only contained by it, but also vastly smaller than it, to the point where it is still immeasurably tiny in comparison. Obviously, the meta box contains all quantifiables, inquantifiables, etc. This is the last normal verse, because it contains all other verses. Everything past it can no longer be considered a verse. It is also beyond anything any entity could ever superpossibly think of regardless of time, except for the verses that are larger than it because of
Leftunknown's silly little axiom.
Anything true for another EABA to make it larger than everything else is true for the meta box, and it also contains every EABA, because I said so, and therefore that is true, which is just how fiction works. The meta box contains literally anything related or unrelated to anything else, and contains every work of fiction, as well as everything non fictional (although the non fictional would still exist in fiction, just happening to be true for real life). As for the last statement, not only does it contain every work of fiction humanity has ever written, but every work of fiction, without any restrictions at all. Any fictitious is contained by the meta box, including it itself, as well as every verse. It, however does not contain true hyperverses. Obviously the meta box is beyond contradictions, paradoxes, logic, physics, etc. making it big chungus. It contains every version of every reality, and every version of everything else. It contains every version of itself, and every version of literally anything, everything, and nothing. Anything one could list, it contains. And obviously, everything one couldn't list. Not only does the meta box contain every version of everything and nothing, but it also includes a vast extent of copies of each version. The meta box has every property, no property, etc. It is the ultimate end all be all, and it contains every space, law, dimension, etc. It contains you and everything you've ever created, and everything you could ever possibly create. Its scale is beyond that of description, quantifiability, and all else, and similarly the extent of all that it contains is beyond description, even to say that it is beyond description is an understatement to its true extent, and no language could ever describe its size, even Sanskrit, which has infinite possible words. Nor could anything else show its scale. By definition, it contains every verse in every wiki (except for things like
The Ultimate Reality
, which are bigger). You can't even compare it to another verse by making it as small as, say,
True Nothing.
It would still be this big, because it's like dividing infinity by 2. You still have infinity. In simpler terms and in conclusion, it contains
EVERYTHING.
σεψρετ ινφο
[
]
τηε μετα βοχ ισ φθλλ σιμθλατιον ανδ γαμε ψρεατεδ ιν τρθε ρεαλιτυ. Εωερυτηινγ ισ φαλσε.
↑
superpossibility = collective of possibilities, impossibilities, everything outside and in between where possibility and impossibility are 0-1, superpossibility would be all numbers
↑
not to be confused with the
Hyperverse
, true hyperverses are basically verses after all of the verses, if there is a way to explain that without sounding inane.