The Eraser
Not an actual Eraser.
Scale
Size
Stretches around the whole Metareality-Webs, thickness is only 100 meters exact. No one knows why.
Dimensionality
Undefined
Kardashev Scale
49 74 20 69 73 20 74 6f 6f 20 6d 75 63 68 2e 20
Properties
Temperature
Not possible
Class
7
Life Percentage
0%
Shape
Unknown, thought to be a thin barrier encompassing the Metareality-Web
Position
Contained by:
The Pencils
,
the Tables
Contains:
Metareality-Webs
The
Erasers
are thought to be thin structures/barriers surrounding the
Metareality-Webs
. They're also connected to the
Pencils
. The Erasers are responsible for keeping all things inside their Metareality-Webs from getting out, and for erasing any 'bad' or 'corrupt'
verses
. If any creature touches the borders of an Eraser, they will be erased from every single possible timeline in which they are in. When they are erased, they will cease to exist.
Contents
1
Layers
1.1
First Layer
1.2
Second Layer
1.3
Third Layer
Layers
[
]
First Layer
[
]
Their first layer is a thin, honey-like substance. If anything touches this, the thing will stick to this layer, and it will be impossible to pull the thing out again. The color of this layer is usually a pure, glowing white. Some people theorize that this layer is actually a layer of super strong glue. That is unlikely, but, then again, you can't blame them.
Second Layer
[
]
Their second layer is a solid, Silly putty-like substance. This is the last layer that we can feel. When anything touches this layer, this layer pulls the thing towards the last layer. This layer can pull every type of matter in, whether it is regular matter, dark matter, antimatter, and even negative-sized matter. It can also pull in radiation, light, and every single type of energy or force.
Third Layer
[
]
This layer is responsible for deleting the thing that escapes their Metareality-Webs. This layer is very unknown, and it is impossible to touch this layer, since if you touch it, you will get deleted from every single possible timeline containing you. It's technically not possible to see beyond this layer, but you can still use the weird quirks in some distant reality in the Metareality-Webs and pass this last layer. If you do, you will officially be on the
Tables
.