Megacollaboration
The bald kid is
a megacollab
! Pages like were created by lots of different people, so the writing styles may be different throughout the article.
Allowed Collaborators:
Svki.z
,
MrHappymonyet
,
Jamieyangletian12345
,
User:Idontknow350
,
User: Zanderandriggy
Current Collaborators: N/A
"sharing is caring" -
DiggyPT
(2024)
Dont ask for mercy…
—
The bald kid
( this is WIP )
The bald kid is a being that is too unpredictably strong that his imagination can 1 shot the imprecievable plane, by just looking at something would be way too
destructive, The bald kid is the scariest and most dangerous member of
The Jamie secret alliance
and he was known for his scary looking picture in the shadows and he is too powerful.
The bald kid
The bald kid
Name
(Unknown)
Nickname: the bald kid
Rules Over
? ? ? ?
(Probably over every bald people, he probably also rules over the
The mirror chain
and every other
allsphere
’s that is impossible to say.
Age
12 (possibly)
Size
? ? ? ?
Knowledge
Beyond the concept of transfinity times to the power of the absolute infinity, his knowledge is so good that he can manipulate and just decided for something to just happen.
Power
? ? ? ?
(ERROR)
beyond the numbers what human have invented…(this is just if he blink his eye)
Goals
to avenge the sussy dog
Species
? ? ? ?
Behavioral Moral Alignment
Mysterious and always enraged
Creator
His dad or he was self created
Creations
? ? ? ?
He is not any ordinary being he is the being that can remove all existences in his brain, he surpasses every single Omni god there is because just thinking about them would already destroy literally everything, he was known for his signature slap and he can destroy absolute infinite amounts of all spheres way too easily.
His real name is actually not the bald kid but it is unknown, he was
self created
created by his dad and if he ever enters the void, he can just destroy it easily by slapping it or thinking about it.
He was not created by Jerald, that’s what makes him so mysterious and creepy. You should never misunderstand him just because he is a kid, he is beyond the concept of what you could imagine how powerful he is, he has the highest rank in
The Jamie secret alliance
because of how powerful he is.
The bald kid is beyond beyond every single being in the all sphere, he can erase existences by thinking of it in his brain, a slap will cause absolute everything gone and it would just be him only but not in the void because he destroyed it, he would just be in absolute nothingness. He is so strong that it is impossible to escribe how powerful he is and all his power levels are just about him blinking, his real power is unknown
In the J.S.A (Jamie secret alliance), there are no scary members there but the bald kid is the only one that appears out of no where to find you, if you make him mad, then you had made the biggest mistake of your life. Even if you go to a different all sphere. You are still not alone because will be right behind you. He could wipe put every single
Allsphere
’s which is literally impossible and transcends every single reality and verse.
There is a stairway in Jamies Apartmment and when he opened the door, he accidentally locked it and looked at the yellow wall for more than 5 seconds and suddenly, the bald kids head peaked out, scaring the crap out of Jamie. he tried to escape but the bald kid was acting really “abnormal”.
He easily surpasses
The Crearion
,
sudin
,
Nihil
and
The Friend I Can't Show You
and this proves how powerful he truly is and he’s also feared by all those entities, the only thing he cannot defeat is the strongest of them all, THE SUSSY DOG
He is so powerful that it literally feels unfair, his power level beyond transfinitely of what numbers humans have invented, he easily wipes out all existences by just deciding for that. He once fought a being called “ destructive apex “ and this opponent can wipe out every single
Allsphere
there is (which is literally impossible) and every single
the mirror chain
’s, but the bald kid just decided for his existence to be deleted permanently and it just happened in 0.00000000001 milliseconds. the bald kid has never found a real opponent, he never felt fear because he is the fear…
The bald kid story:
[
]
Rare Image of the
"bald kid"
Staring Jamie down, as this picture was taken in appears to be in a apartment, suggesting they both live together. ]]
https://alldimensions.fandom.com/wiki/File:The_bald_kid_meme_video.mov
Footage of Jamie getting hit after angering the
"Bald Kid".
The bald kid was Jamie’s(me) childhood friend and one day we decided to have an arm wrestle and he beat me in 0.00000000000 seconds and I just found out how truly strong the bald kid was, even if there is 6 people the bald kid still managed to beat all of them in 0 seconds.
The bald kid traveled to Malaysia to visit Jamie and there they made a meme called “this is why you shouldn’t make fun of bald people”. The meme was about Jamie making fun of the bald kid for being bald and then he slaps the camera with full force and that is when I realized his true power when he slapped me.
I got a serious bruise and the camera came flying out my hand. When I showed my friends in school the meme, they even started making jokes from how powerful he was such as saying that he was so strong what if he accidentally thinks of having the idea of destroying the universe, it would happen instantly as soon as he thought of it in his brain. I found out that the bald kid was the strongest entity ever in this verse and destroys many universes my accidentally thinking of it in his brain.
Luckily the bald kid is my best friend and he can destroy every single enemy I have so all my problems can easily be erased.
But one day when I was playing tag with the bald kid, I hid in the stairway of my apartment floor so I could run away from the bald kid and I closed the door. Suddenly the bald kids head peaked out from  the yellow when I looked at it for more than five seconds, I got jumpscared so badly and then he stared to walk toward me but he wasn’t trying to tag him and I couldn’t see his face properly  because it was dark inside the stairway so I quickly came out, slammed the door and went back to my apartment house. when he came back he was trying to tag me and was laughing so I didn’t know if was that a different version of the bald kid or even a different person.
(Svki) : Even i wanted to see that video again cus its funny and it shows how powerful the "Bald Kid" really is, you do not want to call 光头 or balls or it may be your last.
(Svki's Reply) : so in a few years back, jamie had a friend who was bald AKA
"Bald Kid",
Jamie showed us how powerful he could be by showing some videos on his watch, basically all the videos were him calling out the bald kid just to be hit and beaten up by
"Him"
, the video always serves the reminder of how powerful the
"Bald Kid"
could be. As shown in the video
The is even a backrooms level about him that was also made by Jamieyangletian12345 (me) you should go check that out as well in this [
[1]
].
Anyways I was having problems because my enemy created an army against me and I secretly created a secret alliance to fight back against his army so I requested the bald kid to join and he accepted.