There is truly no end to the concept of size. We may one day reach a supposed end, but there will always be more. We will eventually discover a new end, or one will be discovered by some other cosmic being beyond understanding like so many other cosmic beings are. The extent of size is truly undefinable to the penultimate degree. Whether we reach an end or not does not matter. This is the work of the Reversal.
The Reversal is able to be held, but at the same time is impossible to hold. The Reversal is imperceivably large while being imperceivably small. This is due to the nature of this discovery.
The Reversal is a concept above all else. The Reversal takes the largest measurement and compresses it into the smallest measurement, while taking the smallest measurement and expanding it into the largest measurement. The Reversal assures there will always be something greater or lesser. Nothing can be bigger than the smallest object, and vice-versa.
"Humanity is strange. They crave to know what is out there, what is bigger than them. They crave to know what lies beyond as if any of it will ever effect them. They classify the infinite extent to difficulty of a parkour game for children, they classify the extent of dimensions that shall never exist and have already passed. This is not new. Many gods are those who survived being compressed infinitely. They sought to see how far infinity was, and only the bravest left when they were large enough. Those who were braver marched onward to see how far infinity went. It is not a coin flip to become a larger being than other cosmic gods,. You just need to know when enough is enough, and I have been to enough" - ???
The Reversal is responsible for everything and nothing. It exists with us, in our minds and souls. Nothing is greater or lesser than it. But at the same time, it is the most powerful "thing" that exists.
"Was it man-made? Was it the ultimate container expressing its exhaustion at expansion? We truly cannot know. But when I saw my beloved's face pass me by five separate times in a row, I understood this did not matter. The origins did not change anything." - ???
As long as it has existed one, it will exist forever. As long as something can be measured on opposite ends of a scale, equalization must happen. When every culture and species and power runs out of descriptors, the Reversal corrects it. Is this infinity? Think beyond yourself, beyond your reality, and beyond your confines. You cannot describe infinity.
Enjoy your power while you can. The ants below you will become the gods above your future self. Power does not scale, size does not grow.
It reverses, and equalizes.