The
End-Be-All Cult
is a (now
eliminated
)
cult
sharing a firm belief that there is a "biggest
verse
". This cult had come under heavy criticism from many civilizations and had also tried to destroy huge parts of the
hierarchies
, trying to cut the rest of the bigger verses out.
Contents
1
History
1.1
Original creation arc
1.2
First conflict arc
1.3
Second conflict arc
2
Trivia
History
[
]
Original creation arc
[
]
The
End-Be-All Cult
was created countless
OYC
ago by an
Alphasm
's imagination. Said Alphasm was bored and wanted to spice up their imaginary world, so they imagined the cult and all 42 of its original members. Then, they turned those thoughts into reality.
At first, the End-Be-All Cult lived in harmony with the rest of their local Alphasm's imagination. Observing verses of
TOH
, they watched as their Alphasm slowly imagined and constructed their local massive hierarchy. However, they realized how that hierarchy kept going, seemingly forever. Seemingly without an end. Many of the cult's members did not like this due to how hard it was to traverse their hierarchy, and a few even petitioned to stop it from growing even larger. This petition was turned down by an overwhelming majority of their Alphasm's creations.
First conflict arc
[
]
After this, the cult started actively trying to destroy and cut huge parts of their hierarchy by manipulating and corrupting over a centillion
Information Gems
, the places where parts of their Alphasm's imagination are kept. This got the attention of
gods
such as
Gerald
, who in return retaliated against the End-Be-All Cult, destroying many of its members. During this chaotic time,
Bean Man
intervened by creating
Oni
to restore order to the Official Hierarchy verses, which slowed down the cult's destruction even more.
A quadrillion OYC long conflict ensued, with many gods dying in the process. 13 of the original members escaped into a remote
Realm
and hid there for over 10,032 trillion OYC, with their Alphasm not being able to kill the remaining members due to their imagination being severely damaged.
Dunkey Kong
had just came back from his vacation, and had started constructing
Generic Hierarchy
verses to act as a placeholder for the damaged Official Hierarchy's ones. He also tried to make TGH verses suitable for the End-Be-All Cult by putting many verses inside there with very End-Be-All-sounding names, such as 'the True Real End'.
The End-Be-All Cult, however, hated TGH even more. They called it out for its sheer length and ridiculously stupid names, and tried even harder to destroy it, with some members even trying to outright obliterate some of the verses. Dunkey Kong kept trying to repair the damage while also building the new parts, but to no avail.
In the end, Dunkey Kong gave up trying to extend the already insanely long hierarchy and just terminated each and every single member of the cult. Their Alphasm, however, believed too much in themselves and disagreed, trying to recreate the End-Be-All Cult again, but adding slight changes to the goals of the cult.
Second conflict arc
[
]
Dunkey Kong did not like this and tried to stop Alphasm from creating a new End-Be-All Cult. After all, Alphasm's imagination was still damaged and it could've been very dangerous for Alphasm to imagine a new thing to create. The
Disruptor
had learned of the cult and this Alphasm's damaged imagination, and had come out hoping to mess up even more
Realms
while everyone was focused on helping this Alphasm. Dunkey Kong was occupied, and could not try to revert all of the Alphasm's actions while also chasing a god just about as strong as him.
With Dunkey Kong gone, the Alphasm could do whatever he pleased, so he did what he wanted to: Imagine the End-Be-All Cult again. Due to his imagination being damaged, only about half of the new gods were what he wanted. This time, the cult broke apart due to opposing opinions and a new war started. Due to Dunkey Kong still chasing the Disruptor, Gerald took control of this Alphasm's imagination and tried to stop the war going on. Gerald used his powers to kill all the members of the fractured cult, and all was well.
Dunkey Kong had come back from chasing the Disruptor and had locked it in some extremely faraway Realm. He had come back to check out what was going on, and was glad to see the cult gone. This Alphasm's imagination was slowly repaired after many, many OYC, and
everyone was happy afterwards.
The Alphasm was getting infuriated to see his cult get destroyed again, and started mass-replicating hundreds and hundreds of End-Be-All Cults. Dunkey Kong could not stop Alphasm now, and had to ask for assistance from Bean Man. The latter wiped out every single one of the cults and told that Alphasm to stop.
Slowly, this Alphasm gave up trying to recreate the End-Be-All Cult and moved on to work on other projects.
Trivia
[
]
Plot twist: the Alphasm that caused all this conflict is
our
local one.