The Giant Poisonous Chicken Nugget
TGPCN after it was damaged by a powerful god
Info
Size
10
100
10,000,000,000,000
LY wide
What type of object is it
Dangerous object formed by a
Cosmic Zaaaaaaaap
Dimensionality
Existed in all dimensionalities
Position
Contained by
Nothing (as it has been destroyed), was
Omniverse
Contains
Toxicium
and many other elements
The
Giant Poisonous Chicken Nugget
(abbreviated as the GPCN) was a cosmic object created by a
Cosmic Zaaaaaaaap
in -10
289
OYC
.
What TGPCN was Made Out Of
[
]
TGPCN wasn't actually made out of chicken, as chickens are extremely obscure, present only on a small planet in an unknown
Universe
*. In reality, TGPCN was made out of a deadly poison and a strange, fleshy substance which was reported to be extremely rubbery and squishy.
*Though, they exist in a transfinite amount of planets and verses because there are so many that the same species managed to evolve infinitely many times.
Dangers
[
]
The GPCN, like its name suggests, was very poisonous. Consuming just 3 micrograms of TGPCN could kill a
Multiversal
-level entity in just over 16 seconds. Touching TGPCN would have killed such an entity in about 94 seconds. A normal, non-god creature would have gotten killed in only a few picoseconds by touching TGPCN.
Gods which are
Omniverse
-level or higher generally were not affected by TGPCN, and could touch and consume it without being harmed. Still, the poisonous nugget was very dangerous to all entities which are below Omniverse-level.
The poison which was infused into TGPCN appears to be a mix of
Toxicium
and hundreds, possibly even thousands, of other obscure elements, including a tiny bit of
Glitchonicite
. The reason to why the poison was so deadly is still unknown, and the substance is being studied in many locations throughout the Omniverse and beyond.
Eventual Destruction
[
]
The Giant Poisonous Chicken Nugget met its end in
10
194
{\displaystyle 10^{194}}
OYC
, when many powerful gods beyond even the
Cetaverse
decided to destroy TGPCN for good. They ate the entire GPCN whole. Even though TGPCN was relatively harmless towards very powerful entities, eating the entire GPCN could still harm such an entity. Due to this, the entity which consumed TGPCN got relatively sick afterwards and was weakened. They later regained their strength.