The Final Chaos
Scale
Dimensions
Varies throughout due to changes in geometry
Size
≥1
19477
63
57
35
32
29
27
26
11
7
2
1.5988
x our
Final Superposition
Kardashev Scale
ALL FRACTION(0.94)
Location
Contained by
The Final Finals
Contains
The Final Superpositions
The
Final Chaos
is a type of verse made out of two things mainly, being living and dead
Final Superpositions
. The Final Chaos is made up of 25 percent living Final Superpositions and 75 percent dead ones. Living Final Superpositions are the same as ours, except with different laws of causality, geometry, logic, and the like depending on how close or far away from ours they are. Dead Final Superpositions are the ones that die at any point in their history, whether in the past in the future, which sends a cascading signal throughout every one of its spatial and temporal directions, putting it in a superposition of all states it has been and will ever be in. When a dead Final Superposition is ever entered, it is immediately exited with all the things that happen to whatever goes inside happening to what goes inside including alterations in their memory. These dead Final Superpostions also have their string cut.
A string is attached to all living Final Superpositions which connects to a connected folding chain of hyperdimensional complex flattened Calaubi Yau manifolds. These strings keep the Final Superpositions from moving around freely into dangerous territory with very different kinds of them, which can lead to them dying or emptying themselves, both of which would instantly spread strange and dangerous objects to other Final Superpositions. A collision like this is probably why
Omniverse
sized verses with negative temperature got into our Final Superposition. A string was once snapped when a very closely related group of Final Superpositions was thrusted into the connected folding chain of hyperdimensional complex flattened Calaubi Yau manifolds, the Final Superposition that was disconnected seemed to weave through all of the living ones for a long time before hitting one and emptying both of them.
On the other side of the connected folding chain of hyperdimensional complex flattened Calaubi Yau manifolds, there are floating glass orbs that appear to come in random sizes between a centimeter and 0.37 times the size of our Final Superposition. At the center of these glass orbs, there is a single cube of sugar exactly one millimeter in diameter. The glass orbs do not seem to be able to experience many forces such as gravity and inertia. The purpose of these orbs is unknown, and they seem to regenerate any damage taken in 12 minutes as long as their centeral sugar cube stays in tact. Orbs whose centeral sugar cube is damaged will slip through the connected folding chain of hyperdimensional complex flattened Calaubi Yau manifolds below them and into the nearest Final Superposition that they can fit into. They don't seem to have any discernible laws of causality, geometry, history, future, time, or logic, and relfect their direction whenever they hit another orb.