The Verse Givers
Allies
Many civilizations which benefit from The Verse Givers
Enemies
Entities/civilizations which attack The Verse Givers or steal verses from them
Members
~7500
Power
Very high compared to most other civilizations
The Verse Givers are a group of very powerful entities in the
Omniverse
numbering in the thousands
which create verses and then give them to civilizations/organizations.
The Verse Givers have special
Anchorverses
to store verses that they created
. These Anchorverses are secret and are protected very well as to not let civilizations simply raid the areas and steal all the verses. Due to them being Anchorverses, they cannot be moved.
The Verse Givers use
special
Stealbots
to bring verses over to the civilizations/organizations they serve
. These Stealbots are slightly larger than a regular Stealbot and are specially designed to be able to fend off attackers. Due to this, they have been nicknamed Fightbots.
The Verse Givers have a huge army consisting mainly of Fightbots and powerful cosmic entities in case civilizations decide to attack The Verse Givers, which has been done countless times in the past. This army's whereabouts are kept secret.
The Verse Givers produce all kinds of verses, with them creating an average of
10
8
{\displaystyle 10^{8}}
verses per
OYC
. The fastest recorded time that a Verse Give created a verse was in 1.4 seconds, and the longest was 13
OYC
days.
The Verse Givers are careful to avoid
The Verse Trap
, as it can destroy or permanently damage the verses that the group creates. On multiple occasions, The Verse Givers have sent massive expeditions to find and track The Verse Trap.
The Supplier
[
]
The Supplier is the name given to the leader of The Verse Givers. Weirdly enough, they are not the strongest out of the group, and are actually fairly weak. However, they have a high amount of control over the group. The Supplier will, from time to time, give many verses to civilizations in need. However, they will destroy any civilization which asks for more verses when they have already gotten some from The Supplier.