The Alternate
Natural Position
Contained by
The Purple Mazes
.  Miniature copies of this verse are contained by
the Calculator
.
Contains
Final NAs
Scale
Diameter
Ω times bigger than a
Final NA
The Alternates
are some of the largest laboratories ever created.
The reason for their size is due to the
Simulation Rooms
which basically take up all of the space of their local Alternate.
The only residential spaces is for the rooms of the whole buildings which also contain the
Final NAs
and
the Final Doors
, with the Final NAs being chosen, because they're the largest famous structure that the buildings can hold, and also made gethering information quicker, without the need to travel vast distances.
In the Simulation Rooms, real-life sized counterparts can be created and simulated to do whatever one desired, without sacrificing accuracy or realism.
It is also possible, since the simulations happen over every dimension, to enter into the simulations (like VR), from any perspective possible. The staff of
the Alternates
have thus allowed for special visits and uses of the Simulation Rooms, under special supervision and under special circumstances, to the general public.
When particularily interesting experiments, or noteworthy ones, are taking place, the Alternates become a sort of tourist attraction, hosting many crowds anticipating the outcome.
All assets are stored in the database, which contains everything up and below. A copy of every structure, verse and phenomena of importance, all the way from the
Protoverses
to the Final NAs, as well as special cases concerning objects smaller than the Protoverse.
It took a total of 3
OYC
to finish our Alternate, which was located in
Terabithia
which was the only nation in
LUA
which could build one because building one is damn expensive, 1.12 OYC of which, was spent creating the assets, of which, a further 1 OYC was spent exploring and mapping everything as accurately as possible. The rest 0.12 OYC took to actually program everything in place (the physics engine, textures, models, imperfections, dimensions, glitches, law gradiency, etc).
But the majority of the time was spent making the Simulation engine, which is one of the most powerful objects ever built to date. It places easily in the top 500 of all time, and while that may sound like a broad number, one must remember, that to compute a single timeframe in the simulation requires an output much, much greater than that of what the
Box
has held, within its entire lifetime. The Simulation engine can produce a transfinite amout of frames per finite unit of time.
Rooms of our local Alternate
[
]
Room 89+3e878009 (Its Database)
[
]
Tier One
Unknown
Anywhere
Everywhere
The MAX
NA
Super NA
Mega NA
Hyper NA
Ultra NA
Omni NA
Final NA
Tier Two
The Alternate
The Purple Maze
The Green Maze
The Blue Maze
The Great Complex
Great Location
Uber Realm
Black
The End
Tier Three
Everyverse
The Last
The Coin
The Bin