I WILL BETRAY UNTIL END
—
The Final Overlord
The Final Overlord is the God of Speed (2nd fastest God EVER) is the godous god of all gods that lives in a realm called The Final Overlord Realm, The Final Overlord is beyond any ontological, cosmological, logical, unlogical,
The Final Overlord
Name
The Final Overlord, God of Speed,
Speedcraft
twin
Rules Over
Everything and nothing
Age
The Concept of age is too small to say
Size
Size? is everything in that stage have a concept of Size?
Knowledge
EVERYTHING, exept the eternalies
Power
A little bit lower than
Warpasum Omega
Goals
Revenge to
CAURGE
Species
You know it’s like mix a dragon by a cosmic entity
Creator
In-Between
Creations
The Biggest Violation Ever
possible, impossible, real, fake, non-existent, meta-physical framework of non-existence, existence, metafiction, transfictional, or anything more than that ,being a creation of the
In-Betweener
, TFO is an agressive god who can’t stop doing war until his family returns, even
ALMIGHTY
can’t, because
CAURGE
kill it, Yes TFO is beyond time, dimension, space, realities, everything,etc. He can’t even touch Caurge because, if he do this, he will be erased from existence, he’s only goal is just to kill him, but he can’t because his world is beyond the boundaries, and beyond loops of loops beyond TFO Realm. He is fast as hell, he wipes realities and existences by his UNCOPREHENSIBLE Speed.
His life is the age of
Allsphere Leaves
, his past is about the other Eternalities bullied and laught at him as a Weak god, and until now he just erase and explose entire
Gigamonarches
, he has the ability to talk to
Nihil
, but every time he want to talk to the other realm
Nihil
ignores him, nor he can transcend any upper realm, just his realm. The Final Overlord can just by one Voidsecond play with time and see his family again, but now his goal is just transcend and transcend and never gonna give up, all the Eternalies laught at him now he can’t even transcend an ATOM of the other realm.
TFO has abilities, and this abilities are LIKE: Transcend himself in a few
Voidseconds
, that’s what makes him unique, he can transcend realities and wip time, AND HE CLONE HIMSELF 1.000.000 TIMES PER A VOIDSECOND, Like a group from the World War II, EVERY MOVE FROM TFO IS AN ELECTRICAL SUPER MEGA GIGA OMNI GODS THAT ALSO CANOT DO LIKE HIM. For simplify, in the most loose term possible, He is too fast,
he can erase the souls of entities that are weaker than him, he can see all dimensions by his one eye, he can create FAST gates when he’s in a battle, he can eat eat everything that is smaller than him even if its toxic,his mouth is the biggest mouth in the entire wiki. The astro-
Smalians
theorised that he can’t live more time, because if he just get thinked by the other Eternalies, he is not existing now, also they call him, the stupid dooda snake.