The Deadzone
Scale
Size
radius ω*25,000 (average)
EUSI
Xicohtlxul
+2
Dimensionality
ω
Properties
Temperature
∅
Class
1
Life Percentage
0%
Shape
Hilbert Sphere
Density (Void Percentage)
100%
Position
Contained by:
The Outside
Contains:
The Lugubrigothic Speck
The Deadzone
is a region of The Outside which is particularly antithetical to any kind of existence. It is a region of pure infinite dimensional space. Nothing material or energetic is able to exist here, and any such matter or energy that is attempted to be added to it is literally subtracted from existence, violating the conservation of matter and energy. As such, during barreling it is extremely dangerous to accidentally wind up with some coordinate in The Deadzone as a destination point. It is however believed to be instantaneous and completely painless. There is only one known anomalous region that does not completely delete anything sent to it, and that is The Lugubrigothic Speck. However even this region actually contains absolutely nothing other than spacetime. It simply doesn't delete matter and energy which is introduced to the region.
The Region itself is in the shape of an infinite dimensional sphere, known as a Hilbert Sphere. It's a Hilbert space that curves unto itself in all infinite directions, though in this case one has to travel infinitely to wrap around in any direction. It envelops The Omniverse and is very large relative to it. The Omniverse verse lies at it's direct center. The radius of The Deadzone ranges from about 20,000 to 30,000 omniversal radii. The exact range is much more narrow that even this, but accurate figures are hard to come by as anything tangentially even tangentially connected to The Xicohtlxul is highly classified. These are the recommended parameters to avoid for barrel engineers, the nominal "safe values" being those outside this range. Any attempt to probe within this range is EXTREMELY DANGEROUS. There may even be mutliple such bans, perhaps even infinitely, or uncountably many. Some rogue civilizations have tried to learn of bands of safety within the nominal off limits zone. This is generally discouraged as it could mean the building of hidden bases and facilities within the region. Officially the entire region is considered to be "Dead" and unsafe, but that hasn't stopped attempts to find so called "safety bands" within it.