The Forest
Natural Position
Contained by
The Treeverse
Contains
The Branch
and other trees
Scale
Dimensionality
Same as
The Tree
Diameter
The Tree
1,000,000,000
The Tree
</supA
Kardashev Scale
0.24, not very advanced really.
The Forest
is extremely significant, as it releases pure energy into all verses outside of it and constantly purifies everything inside of it, as well as reducing instability with said energy. If it wasn’t for The Forest, or really its dense energy due to individual trees, The entire First Realm would resemble the Second. It also has every tree that is smaller than it an infinite amount of times, and is very large. It also has pure energy so powerful that, when unpurified and turned evil, it can kill
Chunky Cheese
instantly. This will also cause The Forest to wither and explode, as without its own energy it would actually be the most unstable cosmic object. Every once in a while, the forest is replaced by the jungle, which is much larger and more unstable and has larger trees. There is 1 Jungle within each
Treeverse
. Forests take up the walls of the Treeverse.
The Forest is dangerous, though. It has extremely stupid post-
bubble blower
entities that are sometimes hostile, but they are mostly just enhanced Pointlessly omnipotent worms. These worms are 3x as powerful as the Bubble Blower but when they are in The Jungle, they can be much stronger, such as alligator-like with a whopping 300x power. It’s very fortunate they are dumb. The jungles also have rivers that freeze you to death since the water is infinitely cold, cold enough to instantly freeze post-Chunky Cheese entities to death.
A variant of The Forest mentioned previously, The Jungle, is an unstable, rare sub-type of Forest which glitches randomly and has negative enegy-producing jungle trees. This anti-forest energy is usually kept to The Jungle due to their overwhelming rarity. There have been reports of jungle glitches transporting to the second, thrid, fourth, and even fifth realm, though it is unknown if this is a lie. This verse was a nice tourist destination for Omni-gods, but after one got eaten by a tiger in a jungle, it was banned, but then reopened with only The Forest, but then a worm fell on somebody and now going here as a tourist destination is banned in most nations, with only very strong omni-god able to access it for recreational purposes. All others are to stay away from jungles.