The Darkness is a huge group of evil entities/gods and chaotic amalgamations that tried to take over the entire
Omniverse
. They have taken much of the Omniverse before, but have been wiped out a long time ago.
History
[
]
The Darkness has a very long history, with the earliest evidence of them dating all the way back to -10900 OYC. A brief timeline of important events in The Darkness's history is listed below.
Date
Desc.
-10900(?) OYC
A group is formed after an ancient unnamed civilization in the Omniverse fell, sparking an age of chaos. This rebellion soon became an entire group, soon to be called "The Darkness".
-10289 OYC
The Darkness gains new members, making the group grow in strength significantly.
-9989 OYC
The Darkness subdues and obliterates a civilization opposed against aggressive conquering and wars.
-9919 OYC
After more and more civilizations fell to The Darkness, protests on the group begin.
-9810 OYC
The Darkness violently puts down all protests. Casualties from The Darkness skyrocket.
-7923 OYC
The first confrontation between The Darkness and gods from outside the Omniverse begins. A few entities in The Darkness are terminated. The Darkness goes into a period of isolation.
-3827 OYC
The Darkness suddenly awakes from its thousand OYC-long isolationist period and seizes up to 5% of the Omniverse, destroying trillions of civilizations.
-2870 OYC
A group of gods form a new coalition named Qrsvr and declares war on The Darkness.
-2698 OYC
This war ends with The Darkness almost getting destroyed. Over half of its members got either terminated or captured.
-107 OYC
The Darkness slowly gains new members, albeit at a very slow rate. Qrsvr declares war on The Darkness once again, but suffered heavy losses. The Darkness takes advantage of this and strikes Qrsvr.
-67 OYC
Qrsvr is getting weaker and weaker after the repeated attacks by The Darkness.
-7 OYC
Qrsvr completely dissolves and fractures, with the remaining members of the coalition getting hunted down by The Darkness.
18 OYC
The Darkness destroys many more civilizations and takes control of over 15% of the Omniverse due to no entity, civilization, or group willing to stand up to The Darkness. This gets the attention of higher gods, such as
Creator
.
30 OYC
The Darkness goes into hiding once again after
Creator
terminated all but the strongest members of The Darkness as punishment.
140 OYC
The Hugghiguyughiyuguhi
develops during this period when The Darkness was in hiding, and the entire Omniverse starts to develop, with new civilizations popping up everywhere.
593 OYC
During the war between
The Hugghiguyughiyuguhi
and other civilizations, The Darkness rises up from its second hiding period and ambushes many civilizations, causing havoc. However,
Creator
notices, and just obliterates all but two members of The Darkness. One gets sent to
The Insanity
, never to be seen again, and the other one goes into hiding.
602 OYC
The last remaining member starts a desperate last attempt to revive The Darkness. Only 4 members join.
689 OYC
Creator
terminates all the members of The Darkness and wipes out every creature's memory of The Darkness in the entire Omniverse.
Present Day
Now, The Darkness are completely gone, with almost no traces of them except in the most remote regions of the Omniverse.
Members
[
]
Here are a few of the known members of The Darkness.
The Entity
Sentient ball that eats universes.
Sentient Triangle which Destroys Multiverses.
Many
Cosmic Consumers
Many hackers in the Cyberspace Verses (
Metaverse
,
Xenoverse
,
Hyperverse
)
Chaos
(as a helper before he got destroyed)