The Suprematism
Scale
Size
[ERR0R: IT CONTAINS THAT]
EUSI
Indescribable
Finality Index
3
Dimensionality
Every single dimension imagined by us
Properties
Class
15 (𝚺 Supremumia 𝚺)
Position
Contained by:
The Clocks
, other Suprematisms
(minor superreality objects)
Alphasms
,
Downtown Fricksvilles
Contains:
The Boxes
,
Omniverses
,
Blueprint Particles
(minor objects) other Suprematisms,
the Subfinal Verses
You might seem stricter versions of
Omniverse
, including
The Box
and
Time and reality
. This verse is so strict that it tries to really close to contains everything.
The Suprematism
is the ultimate object of the entire official hierarchy from
All Dimensions Wiki
, as it is one of the final objects of the 15th class. Although, this is the finale, this is not the true end-all-be-all object, as it is still fully made of
Blueprint Particles
due to an axiom of
reality
.
This object is described as the container of everything we thought of, like objects, physical properties, systems, concepts, dimensions, and more.
It is also a self-containing object, as it contains itself as both a object and a concept.
Contents
1
Appearance
2
Properties
3
Incorrect ways to go beyond
4
Relations to The Core of Everything
5
Rumors
Appearance
[
]
There is actually no way to take a picture on this object, as it goes beyond the concept of shape and appearance. Therefore, all photos that tries to show the appearance of this verse are 0% accurate.
Properties
[
]
All properties and concepts aren't available in this verse, but be contained, expect positionings.
The true size of a object is dependent in this verse, but it is unknown which makes it up.
Objects usually have different positions, but in this verse, they have random locations, which changes frequently and inconsistently.
Everything is stored and copied for each position, no matter which dimension it uses.
Besides spatial and temporal dimensions, this verse also contains unobserved dimensions.
There is a hidden sinusoidal noise in this verse.
Verses with less intensity always have more emptiness.
There is nothing expect a random object for every position.
Each pair of any objects have random positions, but those objects besides the parallel line are actually near.
Which mean the space is non-Euclidean.
Every object should be paired with other.
And yes, every object is paired with multiple objects.
Related items are paired commonly.
Properties and concepts are connected with most things, which conceptualize those.
Levels are a different type of objects in this verse.
Unobserved intensities are connected with everything that we observe or thought of, but only below it.
Incorrect ways to go beyond
[
]
Everything you thought of are just imaginations, and will be contained. That includes the unobserved chain outside of
The Subfinal Verse
, whether which is endless or not.
That statement makes it impossible to discover the true properties of The Suprematism and its exteriors, expect
Alphasm
, who know anything about it.
Told by
Alphasm
, we confirm that:
The Suprematism is a patadimensional core of the
Reality
, which is ran by itself and other
Blueprint Particles
, and go beyond positions, sizes, spacetime, dimensions, physics, and natural logic.
No objects should conquer and escape the Suprematism, mostly because of that statement above, or they are covered.
Therefore, it goes beyond all versal hierarchies, except
the Official Hierarchy
if it is in our Reality.
So, the Suprematism covers the entire Reality, so there should be
Nothing
between the Suprematism and a Reality.
There are actually no exteriors of the Suprematism.
All properties that determine the shape, like size and boundaries, are actually contained in The Suprematism, which make them not available for conceptualizing.
Subreality properties and subrealities are stored in the Suprematism.
This fact makes a object the only one that stores multireality objects.
However, it doesn't confirm that existence ranks may be break down into smaller pieces.
Relations to
The Core of Everything
[
]
Suprematism contains everything we thought of with every single dimensionality position, including functions made by all
Function Structures
in our Reality, which makes
Nothing
could be fully destroyed.* It also contains The Core of Everything and cannot be controlled by a cosmological entity, including
Alphasm
.
* Erasing a thing from a Reality which leaves no Blueprint Particles behind.
Rumors
[
]
"Legends rumored that • is not the origin of the Suprematism, but a unknown object below it..."
"Legends rumored that Suprematism is a endless object that nobody can imagine..."
"Legends rumored that the interior of Suprematism looks like a total chaos filled with random objects..."
"Legends rumored that the Suprematism could be used to produce
Blueprint Particles
from our Superreality."
But we aren't sure that those rumors are true. However, all of those are proven by Alphasm, but remains hidden in a portion of
The Core of Everything
.