The supervirus was a virus that was supposedly eradicated in -127 OYC, but came back in 47 OYC after it was discovered that it wasn’t truly eradicated yet, and then it was eventually frozen in a block of ice and launched somewhere in
The Outside
. The ice will probably melt in 2,475 OYC, but we don’t have to worry about that yet since that’s, as I previously mentioned, 2,475 OYC away.
Supervirus
Natural Position
Contained by
In a block of ice
Scale
Dimensionality
3
Diameter
Slightly below average virus size
Contents
1
Symptoms
1.1
Stage 1
1.2
Stage 2
1.3
Stage 3
Symptoms
[
]
Stage 1
[
]
These will occur pretty quickly after catching the virus.
Coughing after 5 minutes
Sneezing after 8 minutes
Nausea after 13 minutes
Fevers after 20 minutes
After 23 minutes, a potentially fatal lung symptom will appear. This will make the lungs struggle to do their job and result in struggle breathing. It still isn’t too hard to breathe, though, so it is only fatal in moderately severe cases.
Vomiting after 26 minutes.
Constant hunger after 30 minutes.
Stage 2
[
]
In stage 2, the disease becomes a bit more infective and your skin will also start to turn pink. This occurs after 40 minutes, and it marks the entrance of phase 2.
After 45 minutes, vomiting and sneezing both get much more severe.
Insomnia triggers after 52 minutes.
Extremely high amounts of uncontrollable sweating will occur after 1 hour. There is so much sweat that your entire body looks like it’s covered in a giant blob of goo.
After 4 hours, the “constant hunger” becomes MUCH more extreme.
Potentially fatal amounts of dehydration start to occur after 7 hours.
After 13 hours, Patients will experience periodic seizures and partial paralysis.
Stage 3
[
]
After 20 hours, extreme tiredness will occur along with the immune system getting heavily damaged. It also becomes a little bit harder to cure. This marks the beginning of stage 3.
After 1 day, the infected will experience frequent memory loss.
After 52 hours, the infected will have a desire to hurt others. Not to kill, damage, or injure them, just to cause pain.
After 75 hours, the infected will experience random episodes of extreme sadness and confusion.
After 121 hours, the infected will sometimes lose consciousness for short periods of time, similarly to a coma, just with a few differences (and also doesn’t last as long as the general length of a coma)
After 162 hours, the heart will start to struggle to function. This is fatal in some cases.
After 206 hours, the infected will start to experience brain failiure that will turn into total brain death and kill them.