The Law Changer
A N G L E T
Rules over
The Laws of the some Universes
Age
47 years old
Size
Human Size
Knowledge
Super Genius
Power
Multiversal
Goals
Take Down the Spirit and have revenge on every Earth-like Planet
Species
Human
The Law Changer is a human who learned a way to change the laws of physics of their universe, and then started abusing it. The Law Changer is considered a large threat to many universes and
The Laws of Everything
.
The Spirit has attempted numerous times to take down The Law Changer but it always ends up being a stalemate due to The Law Changer making everything Unfair.
Origin
[
]
The Law Changer had a long and simple history behind how he got his powers, The Law Changer used to be known as “Scientist Bob”, so let’s refer to him as bob. Bob used to be a scientist, he worked at some place called, idk it was CSP? BCP? It went by the name? help, control, and defend, it sounded like that. Bob has spent his 10 years in the foundation learned about the laws of the universe. To the point, Bob tried to do what seemed impossible for their kind, changing a law, any law, it could be a law of gravity, thermodynamics, or just physics.
Bob has made many attempts to change any universe law in one area. But one day, he managed to change the laws of physics only in one area, he did this by using two limits of the universe, mixing absolute zero temperature and the planck temeperate together, both of these limits make atoms stop working, well this worked. The Atoms stopped working, and it also affected the gravity too, Bob showed what he discovered to other people, the other scientists congratulated him but they said it was too dangerous to perform outside, so he tried another way, because there wasnt another way, he can only do this by getting help from god, or any other being but bob realized that, hey he works in a place that contains things with impossible powers, so he went and got a gun, poured liquid that was planck length temperature, and poured liquid nitrogen, and put double A batteries into it aswell, now he had a gun that when you get hit by it, everything arounds you changes, so he showed the foundation about it, the foundation promoted him and they used his gun to terminate some of the creatures there, they killed many creatures, like social guy, inanimate peanut object, and the young man that kills people by making black portals.
How he got his powers (read Origin first)
[
]
One day, the scientist got his gun, and edited it, and wanted to see what would happen if he used plasma with the gun, and the scientist accidentally dropped the gun and it hit the trigger, it shooted the ray, hit a mirror and reflected it back and it hit bob. Bob got completely changed, he sometimes walked at 1000 mph, and sometimes at 0.1 mphs, the Foundation was about to classify him as an unidentified monster that could cause chaos all over the solar system, and once he got contained, bob started acting weird, and everything around him started melting, then he got his chance to escape and broke out.
Meanwhile, the entire foundation was looking for him, and the foundation initiated a World Wide lockdown. Bob was confused and scared, then he discovered that he could turn invisible, he used that as an advantage and sneaked in the foundation, went to his office and got the gun, turned it upside down thinking it could reverse the effects, and shot himself. He acted more strange, till a security guard spotted him and started gunning him down, till the scientist shouted and everything around him got melted including the security guard, another guard noticed and hit the "something breached" button, and thousands of security guards were after Bob, bob started using his powers and caused gravity around him to change, allowing bob to fly and making the guards get stuck to the ground. Bob had no choice but to leave earth, because he realized he can live in space.
Bob still had his gun for some reason, and went to another planet with an advanced civilization to do expriments with his gun, and he went to planet xc9djan. He went there and starting mixing more stuff in his physics changing gun, like fragments of a blackhole, supernova dust, and even more Double A batteries! So while he went to get another box of double A batteries, a group of aliens confronted him because they heard on the news that earthlings are trying to capture a creature, and that it looked exactly like bob did, so the aliens tried to grab bob, but bob left and took out his gun and shot the aliens, now those aliens are getting plastic surgury in the BS hospital. now bob was a wanted creature in both earth, and planet xc9djan. Planet xc9djan called the foundation to come there and capture bob, which made bob worried and realized that he needs to finish editing his gun and leave that planet.
He just needed nebula dust, and saw that an icecream shop sells nebula dust as a topping, so yeah he disguised himself and brought a box of supernova dust. Right before bob was about leave, the foundation founded him and bob quickly ran away, bob was being chased by 10 spacecrafts and 4 FBI vans. Bob went to his hideout, poured the supernova dust and starting shooting it causing the city to blow up, half of the city was destroyed, and the gun was so powerful that it changed the gravity of the planet.. but more spacecrafts from the foundation came, bob shot himself once again and this time he gave himself the power to change the laws of phsyics, he wanted to go back to earth, but the foundation would just capture him and treat him like garbage. Once he found out about his law changing powers he got revenge on planet xc9djan and earth by changing their gravity to the same gravity jupiter has, and also changed the way nature acts, now theres a category 5 hurricane happening each week in both planets.
When The Spirit noticed, he went to stop Bob, but Bob had already mastered his law changing powerrs, they both fought in earth to make it more fair, but it was just stalemate because every time the spirit adapted to the gravity bob set it, bob would change it again. Then both of them gave up and left, them bob started changing the laws of every planet, then started changing the physics in solar system, then to galaxies, then started changing the laws of entire universes, The Spirit needed to stop him once and for all and the spirit went and destroyed bob by changing the gravity to the same as the singularity of a blackhole, bob barely was able to use his powers but it was too late. Bob was locked up to The White Plains Prison, and yeah happy ending.. TILL WHEN THE GREAT SEPERATION CAME IN AND FREED EVERYONE THERE INCLUDING BOB AND THE ALL TIME, then they both teamed up to kill The Hyper Dream.