The Chunk
Scale
Size
About 10
482
LY across
Dimensionality
3, 4, and maybe 5
Properties
Temperature
Absolute Zero
Life Percentage
1%
Shape
Irregular
Position
Contained by:
Just randomly floats around around a few universes
Contains:
many unknown materials and specimens
The Chunk is a huge chunk of random objects and verses from all over the cosmos.
Discovery and sightings
[
]
The Chunk is shrouded in mystery, and has only been observed a few times. The first appearance was in 72
OYC
. A huge chunk of rock, metal, artificial objects, and some unknown life was found floating around between a few universes. No one knows how the chunk of objects and matter got there, and it was subsequently named "The Chunk".
The Chunk has also been known to sometimes eject the trapped material out, and usually at extreme velocity. One of the most well known times that happened was in 1837 OYC, when a huge metal/stone sphere crashed onto a huge and very hard metal skyscraper on a small planet. Further analysis showed that the sphere hit the building at an astonishing 12379 mph. That couldn't have happened, since if the sphere hit the skyscraper that hard, the sphere should've exploded in a shower of stone and metal due to the extreme force. No creatures were injured or killed.
The ejected pieces of material have also been known to cause many deaths and lots of damage to surrounding structures. The most deadly case happened in 269 OYC, when a huge unidentified magnet of sorts hit an extremely urban city on the planet Triigurn. The magnet the proceeded to pull many of the metal buildings out of the ground straight to it, and over 2938 creatures perished. The magnet was then locked away underground in an unknown location. No one has found the magnet yet.
Expeditions
[
]
Many different civilizations that had witnessed The Chunk have decided to send expeditions to it do examine it and do research. Many expeditions sent to The Chunk have proven that it originated outside of the
Megaverse
, which proved that it was completely alien.
Life has also been found on The Chunk. This life is very basic, but extremely tough and resistant to almost all forms of weapons, acid, and temperatures. They also resembled microorganisms, except way larger. The life feasts on the pieces of space rock, objects, and other things that make up The Chunk.