If you are looking for the original, unnerfed version, then go to
Treneversei
T.R.E
Paradoxes are just a tool to make things work.
Position
Contained By
Distorial cubes
and larger versioms of themselves
Contains
Auroralverses
and smaller versions of themselves
Definition
[
]
The revived ends are the second type of verse found in
class 31
, responsible for containing
Auroralverses
. Due to the formers' status as the end of the third ten of hierarchical classes and due to being a common spot where civilizations stop progressing, the revived end partially receives its name since Auroralverses are that end to some individuals.
Why is it a '"revived"' end, though? Well, revived ends are somehow more complex than Auroralverses, being even harder to get in and/or out them than the latters. One of the reasons for this is that each revived end contains smaller copies of themselves, and are located within larger ones. They're also part of a very bizarre system known as "stories".
Stories
[
]
A revived end has a timeline scripted by itself, known as a story. It scripts how many smaller things will be located within them, what is going to happen to those things, etc., sometimes even needing to force certain paradoxes in order for the smaller structures to properly work in the way they do.
The only things that can be inside a revived end WITHOUT being part of their story are the individuals / civilizations that can surpass their strength. In fact, if they have enough knowledge they could even rewrite these stories in a way it benefits them more. Larger revived ends of course have bigger "scripting" power, but eventually all those stories have a limit, and an end.
Distorial cubes
receive their name due to being the smallest structures beyond the stories of any revived end.
Smaller revived ends located in larger ones can have a control over themselves, but they need to follow at least some of the script given by the larger revived ends that contain them.
If a revived end contained by another one gets its story distorted in an unproper way, it can end up in a self-destruction in the worst case scenario, though the larger revived ends will try to fix those smaller clones in order to prevent that from happening.