Not to be confused with
Existency
.
The Existence
Natural Position
Contained by
Time and realities
Contains
B i ns
,
Complex Boxes
Scale
Dimensionality
All dimensions that conform with The Existance
Diameter
(10^(
T h e B i n
) whatmeters ~4328.7 x
Ïrëútotúrquoverse
) + an  unknown number
Kardashev Scale
Uncountable Ordinal
An
Existence
is the local area for everything that could ever possibly or impossibly happen with any laws at all.
The Existence
exists everywhere and nowhere at the same time, while simultaneously containing everything that we know, don't know, can know, can't know, will know, have known, always know, never know.
The structure of Existences
[
]
Existences
consist of an indefinitely infinite amount of beams that signify the different laws that could possibly and impossibly happen with time and without time, with logic, without logic, with in-between logic and every type of logic, time, space, dimensionality that exists, could not exist, could exist and does not exist.
Their outside does exist and also doesn't exist, however, you will never find the end to an Existence since it simply is infinite, but there definitely is an end, but in some places, there isn't.
Appearance
[
]
Existences usually have a grey look to them, which has some black parts. The image shown is simply an impression of one of the many Existences, but their true look is unknown due to the many possible outcomes as well as the infinite dimensionality they have.
Many smaller objects exist in these Existences, but they are invisible at the scale shown due to how much exponentially larger the Existences are compared to them, and also the dimensionality. The Existences also have a section where these don't exist.
Existence
[
]
Basically, an Existence is our local infinite area where any
Box
, reality, nonreality and any possible law for anything, time, dimensionality, any box, any possible and impossible and semi-possible object, action, idea or any possible THING in general exists and is contained in.
The Existences simply are Existences. Any possible or impossible reason to put something with possible or impossible laws would be non-existent. Things that are larger than an Existence are contained by their Existences. The Existences are possible, and impossible.
Even though there are other Existences that exist and don't exist, anything you can or can't imagine will be here, despite other Existences containing multiple things that can not be imagined by anything here, or that other Existence being a different type of reality + nonreality from ours.
The Existences are it.
Tier One
The Existence
Time and reality
Time, Reality, and... The Other Thing
MORE
Bandiverse
Tier Two
Blue Ring
Red Ring
Green Ring
Yellow Ring
The Double Existence
Orange Ring
Purple Ring
Pink Ring
Brown Ring
Cyan Ring
White Ring
Tier Three
Grey Ring
Black Ring
Gamma Ring
X-Ring
Ultraviolet Ring
Light Ring
Infrared Ring
Microwave Ring
Radio Ring
Final Ring
The Triple Existence
Tier Four
The Quadruple Existence
Cceh
Kceh
The Big
Bignoseverse
DDonut
???
The Great Tesseractagonverse