Lugubrigothic Speck
Scale
Size
∛ω megaparsecs
EUSI
Xicohtlxul
+1
Dimensionality
∛ω
Properties
Temperature
0°K
Life Percentage
0%
Density (Void Percentage)
100%
Position
Contained by:
The Deadzone
Contains:
Xicohtlxul
The Lugubrigothic Speck
is an infinitesimal region of an infinitesimal region of the infinite space surrounding The
Omniverse
known as
The Outside
. It exists at a very specific radius from The Omniversal center, which is part of a narrow band of radii known as The Deadzone. The Deadzone is an extremely dangerous region of The Outside. Any thing that might try to exist here is instantly erased from existence. The Lugubrigothic speck is an unusual infinitesimal island of safety within The Deadzone. How it remains stable within this space is unknown.
The Lugubrigothic Speck contains an infinite number of dimensions and has an infinite radius, and yet it is infinitely smaller than the Omniverse and contains infinitely less dimensions than it as well. The Lugubrigothic Speck is a perfect void of absolute zero temperature. Not even virtual particles exist in it's space. It contains a single structure known as The Xicohtlxul, and ever recursively growing structure of computably large, yet perpetually finite size.
The precise coordinates of The Lugubrigothic Speck are a carefully guarded secret. In fact there is no barrelway from The Omniverse to it. The only way to get to it is to first make way to a Special Station located in The Outershell. High Level omniversal clearance is required even to be allowed to be teleported there. However you wouldn't want to be. Although it is not deadly like the surrounding Deadzone, it is still a deadspot for return barreling. Meaning once you appear in this infinity of nothingness you have literally no way to ever return. Without extremely precise coordinates you will also never make it to The Xicohtlxul. To arrive there requires even more precise coordinates, requiring one to land on a finite point in space in an infinite region of it. Basically, without knowing the coordinates, or more accurately, without having a barrelgun with them programmed in, you have literally 0% to punch them in correctly to find them.
The coordinates themselves are far too long and complicated for any human to actually memorize, and so can only be stored on a large computer file. Even the location of The Outershell facility is a very closely guarded secret.
Mostly no one actually travels to The Lugubrigothic Speck, or it's singular interesting destination of the Xicohtlxul. It is a what is called a barrelwell, which is like a worse version of a gravitywell. Instead of crushing it occupants however it simply has an inward attractive force that increases to infinity as one approaches it's event horizon. Beyond it's event horizon it then tapers off back to zero attraction.
The Lugubrigothic Speck is an anomaly in the Deadzone. It is not known whether it was somehow deliberately created to house The Xicohtlxul, or was simply an ideal spot for it. It is believed that there was an intention to hide The Xicohtlxul in a deadly and unlivable place to prevent discovery.
It is possible to send signals into The Lugubrigothic Speck. These signals then reach The Xicohtlxul Terminal, which interprets and processes these signals. Although no actual matter or energy can leave The Lugubrigothic Speck, Xicohtlxul is able to create gravity waves that emanate out of the Lugubrigothic Speck at infinite speeds. It is believed that there is some hidden transmission station that then receives these waves and converts them into a particle beam for barrel transmission. This transmission station has never been found. All of this however seems quite deliberate. The upshot is its possible to send and recieve information from The Lugubrigothic Speck, but any journey there is a one way trip. As such manned missions were discontinued a long time ago when it was realized it was a suicide mission. Instead sentient machines are sometimes sent to investigate the facility more directly. For reasons that aren't completely understood however, they eventually malfunction and cease communication. The only safe way to gain info on The Xicohtlxul is to request that information directly. This however is entirely voluntary on the part of Xicohtlxul. It has been known to refuse requests from time to time. It is not always known if this is due to compilation errors or denial of access however. Error return signals are not fully understood.