The Table
Representation.
Scale
Size
ℵ
ℵ
ℵ
ℵ...
times bigger than a
Pencil
Dimensionality
Ridiculously big.
Kardashev Scale
infinity... wait... no.
Properties
Temperature
Can vary
Class
7
Life Percentage
87%
Shape
regular table shape. This table has 4 legs and a rectangular top.
Position
Contained by:
The Rooms
Contains:
Many technically "uncontainable" realities, including
the Biggest Thing
,
the Endless
,
the Ultimate Wave
, and many others. Every "containable" reality is inside the
Metareality-Webs
. Also contains
Erasers
,
Pencils
,
Papers
,
Scissors
,
Policiahsewverse
,
Slate
and
the Obvious Ripoff Slate
About
[
]
The
Tables
are just ridiculously huge table-like structures. They obviously thus have table legs, and have the typical rectangular table top and they are made out of oak wood, so design-wise they're pretty basic. The tabletops contain a lot of different
realities
,
verses
,
voids
, and
objects
which look like marbles on top of the table. The only thing that in a
room
with a table is a
Chair
, a
Computer
, a
Vase
and an
Oak Tree
.
A dark prescence
[
]
There's a huge entity underneath our Table, known as
Shadow
. This
creature
seemed to be eating the underside of the tabletop.
When creatures near the edge of our Table found out about this, they got freaking scared. They tried to send expeditions down one of the table legs to see what was happening, but practically every single expedition failed, since the spacecrafts either ran out of energy, got their expedition rejected by the Table Police (if the spacecraft still had enough energy) or got eaten by the Shadow (if the Table police wasn't there).
After this, Table Expeditions were fully banned, and one man was arrested for venturing under our Table illegally, and very recently, there even were protests against the ban, but they were stopped by the Table Investigation Association.
Even more recently, the protests succeeded and both the Table police and Table Investigation Association were overrun. Governments and the Red Cross resumed an exploration of the underside of the table, where they found dead
Omni-Gods
but no Shadow. This triggered widespread rejoicing across our Table.
Composition
[
]
The Tables are made up with
Primordium Delta
. This material has been infused with TREEYUM from the
TREEVERSEs
to make a highly indestructable material. Also, the substance is built to counter the effects of extremely corrosive realities and supposedly "endless" verses that can't be contained. The
Metareality-Webs
lie at the center of the Tables. The four table legs rest on an unknown surface.
Each known Table has been here for a very, very, very, very long time now. It is unknown when any Table was first created. It is also unknown how long the
Shadow
has been under our Table.
Some interesting facts:
There are also realities on the underside of each Table. Most have been eaten by the Shadow in our Table, but some still remain, because they are negative sized. The Shadow has been found to not be able to eat negative-sized objects.
One table leg of our Table had to be repaired, since the Shadow was happily eating it. The table leg had to be shrunk to a negative size and then expanded to its original size, and it had to be repaired. During the repairing, unidentifiable creatures were eating the maintenance crew responsible for repairing the table leg. The creatures soon got destroyed by voids specially deployed to control the crisis. The table leg soon got repaired. It is still unknown whether the creatures were from the Shadow or not.
If you somehow fall off a Table, you will lose consciousness immediately. When you regain consciousness, you will be back off where you started. No one knows why this happens. This phenomenon doesn't occur if you travel down a table leg though.