The Elderverse is an outerversal structure that encompasses a majority of the
metaverse
. It extends outside beyond the fourth dimension and the creation below it. Inside of it are several gods who crafted this home, also containing foreign forces beyond our own metaverse.
The creator of The Elderverse is Y'ulhjara. Y'uljhara is a god formed outside of all things, made simply from the shockwave of the creation of the metaverse and the birth of time itself. This shockwave shaped Y'uljhara, the energies inside him are equal to those found in the center of time itself, meaning he has full control of this stillborn form of time and is equal in scale to the birth of this creation, meaning that Y'ulhjara is as powerful as the compressed metaverse
Although he is equal to it and was born from it, Y'ulhjara is outside of time, and his own perception of time is tied to that of the whole of the fourth dimension. From the grand emptiness and from his own hand, he creates an entire universe. This single act nearly killed him, as his body is the stillbirth of a creation, although he would recover from this
This act also altered his appearance vastly. He originally looked like dark ruby smog, but this shaped him, yolking his body into an ugly mess of tentacles and teeth. More specifically, he looked like a giant squid, the tentacles being teethed and his head being a large jaw with three tongues
After creating his universe, he created a force to create a flow like a river in his universe, a flow of time different than his own, altering his body once more to no longer be linked to his original womb that birthed him. This time is rather different of course than the one we know, where instead of moments leading to another, they overlap, causing it so your past, present, and future exist in a single moment, yet move together and forward
The first area made was The World Garden. In this garden, universes themselves would be born. Again, he rented the energies from his own birthplace to create this tree. It extends outside of the time in this universe and grows universes as its fruit, universes that fall when ripe and birth themselves once ripe and grown. This garden is heavily guarded by the Quadrivious. The Quadrivious is a four headed, six armed and four legged with the appearance of a spider's body. Its heads are blank and stone like, grey and cracking at times. Anyone who approaches The World Garden who has not been trusted by Y'uljhara will instantly be tossed down and beaten away from the garden and out to its pearly gates trapped in time, until they die or Y'uljhara stops him
The World Garden was first made in the center of this new universe, but the god did not stop here. From his own flesh, he birthed three more gods to oversee his new universe. From his rib, he created The Forever King, who would rule over a portion of his creation. From his calve, he forged The End of The Future, the embodiment of this universe's death and last day, who would rule The Underverse made below it. And from his own arm, he created The All-Mother, who from her womb, would birth the rest of this universe and its denizens. The three were infused with the rest of Y'uljhara's energy, which caused him to pass out and remain in an eternal sleep, his still dreams creating forces to reshape his own world
The first act between the three was to simply create a locked room near the edge of their reality for their father to sleep in. After this, outside of the garden, they each took on their own roles due to their name, deciding between themselves who will do what. The only one with doubt was The End of The Future, who currently had only a pitch black form with a body similar to a normal human's. He asked the two, 'My role is dictated to the name given to me by our father, who is know stuck in a slurry of dreams. How can we be sure this is what he intended?' The two chastised him for this, telling him their father would never name his child a misnomer, and he should be ashamed for not only doubting him for it but assuming his role was incorrect somehow. The End of The Future, guilty, hunched and attempted to leave this creation, but instead of walking out, he fell under onto the Elderverse's belly. Void and blank, he made it his own world, made from his skin, and under his skin was his heart only, which was a black abyss, and that is what he became only
The other two would talk between themselves of where they should be and what should be done. The Forever King requested for a kingdom first to her sister, one made with loyal denizens. She told him that their world was trapped in a bubble of time and only housed the garden and The Quadrivious. The Forever King told her that a land must be made then, and she made this. From her soft skin of her womb, a grassy large land was made, leading from The World Garden to around it, taking up all of the space made by their father. The Forever King begged for a throne, and it was given, a throne made of his own desires made manifest, and soon enough, denizens were made, denizens with slim bodies and forked arms, with three blank eyes. The All-Mother decided her job was done and created herself a mountain dubbed The Mother's Mountain. It peaked just above the clouds out in the vast void outside of time, and she went inside and lied still in the hollow cave at the top of the mountain, waiting for a request
The first year passed. The land was bountiful with harvest born from the seeds of the universes in The World Garden, the denizens knew nothing but happiness and lived under the eye of their king. They only knew of glorious days, their king, his sister, and his father. No one knew of The End of The Future, until a year after the birth of the land. The End of The Future entered the Mother's Mountain, politely asking for her to create
him
a world to rule. She did not move from her still state, nor shifted her eyes to her brother, and told him simply that he is The End, and he does not deserve such. He only got the rot of what was above him. He crawled back into his world in anger, thinking to himself what he should do...
(current WIP, so sorry for ending here)