"I don't understand
the friend
, much less its creations."
—
"Speed"
The Godking of Null
The Outsider is the total Embodiment of "other" and "outside" it does not abide by any laws put on it, it is purely itself,
it's beyond any reality that's perceivable
, it's beyond any concept of comprehension, it does not obey to
time
,
space
,
logic
, and
reality
itself, as those concepts are beneath it, it is the thing you see when you reach too far and try to get out of
Ultirium
, it puts you back in, you cannot escape it,
The Outsider is truly outside, it is the Godking of Null, The Outsider is truly outside,
It is what it is, throughout all things and their opposites and in betweens, The Outsider is outside all of those, The One, The Null, The Outsider.
When you try to end the endless, you go down a rabbit hole, falling into
infinity
but when does it end? Alot of questions and answers find themselves, The Outsider knows all of it, Does The Outsider know what is outside it? What is it supposed to be?, The Outsider's Spatial and Temporal Dimensions are so Unreachable that they break themselves to make the Outsider truly
beyond,
does The Outsider know itself? Does it? Floating in a
endless plane
does it find meaning in that, the outsider's thoughts question themselves and have their own thoughts, "am I what I am" "why", does The Outsider know it can think? is The Outsider truly capable of anything? Does The Outsider have
emotion?
Does The Outsider know it can speak, hear, see and feel? what is it outside for? Does the Outsider know that it can know anything? The Outsider doesn't know how to do anything even though it does anything, it long reaches for home but in a endless plane that branches off into even more endless planes that repeat the process, how would "home" even exist, what constitutes as "home"
is there any more than just a endless plane?
the Outsider wants to reach the stars above, but what are those stars? what constitutes as "above" these stars above are unreachable even by
abso
lutely
powerful
beings
, the Outsider is blinded by the light of the stars beyond our existence and above their existence, the outsider realized this(for the first time ever) and finally it
clicked,
the outsider finally moved on its own and opened it's vision and cleared it's sight and it saw all, it was
beautiful, complex fractals of infinite complexity, infinite realities, realms, worlds, dimensions with a infinite amount of possibilities that are by their own voids that are just as beautiful and even simple.
The Outsider was absolutely Amazed by this, for the first time, it felt like it had soul, it felt the emotions it needed to feel for so long, and the outsider thinked "I will interact" and it choose at random, the first place the outsider decided to was a world called "Fractals and Fractals" which was a pixelated infinite prism(3 infinities tall and wide which is pretty small), the lifeforms of the fractals and fractals which are called "Fractalings" are 30 pixel by pixel fractals that are only 2 years old, the outsider went into this world, the lifeforms saw the outsider, the outsider said:
"Hello" - The Outsider
"Who are you?! Are you our
creator
?!" - The Fractalings said in unison
"
no?" - The Outsider
The Outsider got pretty confused (new emotion?), It said "what is of this world?" The Fractalings respond with "We are Fractalings, We are endless, we are of shapes that have infinite patterns that never end" The Outsider now amazed says "Wonderful! are any of you the ruler of this world?" Even though the outsider never knew what ruler meant, The Fractalings respond "we don't have a ruler, we never had one" The Outsider then said "will this do?" The Outsider used some Aeternum magic to make a ruler for the Fractalings, a Angle(white beings who are so sharp and holy that they're divine), the angle spoke "i rule", the Fractalings accepted this ruler as they need someone that can lead them to the right paths(gonna write more later - TheHolderofTheDarkheartandIllumina)