The Barrelplakania
Natural Position
Contained by
The Barrelochas
or
the BARRELs
Contains
The Barrelplakas
Scale
Dimensionality
ω+4
Diameter
~1200 times larger than a
Barrelplaka
on average
Kardashev Scale
ω+16
A
Barrelplakania
is a very large set of
Barrelplakas
. They've been noted to be very slippery and smooth.
Unfortunately, due to most of the Barrelplakas being green, the air pressure in these
barrels
are extremely high, making them have the ability to push many objects down to their Schwarzschild radius. The exceptions to this are either very large objects or very dense ones, such as their local Barrelplakas, and
humans
of high obesity. If you do not have high enough obesity, the pressure is very likely to decrease size and increase density.
So basically, if you go here, you will die in 0.000001 seconds if you are not supa T H I C C.
Bestnoobreeeeeee, a bestnoobreborn's imposter, likes to diespacito in this type of
verse
.
Origin
[
]
Ours was created by
Bongus
, no interesting story here.
Etymology
[
]
When choosing the name for the Barrelplakanias, nobody had any interesting ideas for them because there is not much that differentiates it from the other barrels types.
Someone known as Johann Schadeiwanogrieropchansijungononoch claimed to be the inventor of the Barrelplakania's name in
OYC
38, but was proven to have lied after someone found one of his documents that stated his plans towards fooling everyone that he actually named the Barrelplakania when he really didn't.
According to the document, the Barrelplakanias actually received their name by an
entity
named MongHa PeasDgor. She brute forced through all of the eight letter suffixes to add after "the Barrel" using a machine, and chose some criteria to define a good name. Out of all 208827064576, she found that "plakania" was the strongest.
Cloud Farm
[
]
There is a cloud farm near the top of our local Barrelplakania. It creates clouds out of
matter
, by pressure-washing them and then shrinking them to a small size such that it turns to a gaseous
substance
. These clouds will then go in a random direction at a constant velocity of 50m/s and end up in a different verse. There have been so many clouds produced by this farm, and the reception was so positive, that they made another cloud farm on top of the local
Barrelochas
.