The Variety
The Variety
Size
It's complicated
Dimensionality
Varies
Temperature
Varies
Inhabitants
Varies
Class
Varies
Properties
Has life
Varies
Contained by
The beauty
Contains
Various unusual Verses; also frequently fluctuates
Neighbors
Varies
Population
Varies
Kardashev Scale
Varies
Unstability
Yes
The
Nonconformist Variety
(aka the
Variety
) is not technically an entity, but is a chaotic, disorganized group of highly abnormal verses. All verses in this group have non-static and/or irregular sizes (and by extension, classes and containers), dimensionalities, even basic structures or existences, and other properties (
Finality Index
included). Due to this, the Variety lacks a true place on any hierarchies, as it 1. is not an actual entity and 2. is ever-changing.
Verses such as
Kceh
and
Heck
(and other verses with similar properties) do not belong to the Variety, as their sizes and properties can be described by a general rule or pattern. The patterns of Verses belonging to the Variety are unable to be described in words, and that's exactly what gets them into the Variety. To reiterate, the Variety is a group of really weird verses.
To attempt to describe the size of the Variety at any given point is, and this should go without saying, problematic. The Variety Perimeter, a
hypothetical
"container" for the Variety's verses assuming that they all had the same center position, helps to interpret the Variety's size. However, there are often points where the Variety Perimeter has
two or more different sizes,
or even lacks a size. Therefore, describing the Variety's relative size remains somewhat difficult, especially when the Perimeter extends outside of
Time and reality
and/or
Obice Novissimo
(which is extremely frequent) or reaches below the size of a Heck-like verse and/or
Blueprint Particle
(not as frequent, but entirely possible).
As stated earlier, the Variety itself cannot be accurately placed on a regular hierarchy. However, the maximum and minimum extents of the Variety Perimeter's size can be used as hierarchical positions.