The Inside
Scale
Size
<1.0*ξ
Dimensionality
ω+1
Properties
Temperature
0 Kelvin
Class
1
Life Percentage
0%
Shape
ω+1 dimensional hyperball
Density (Void Percentage)
100%
Position
Contained by:
The Outside
Contains:
[Currently Unknown]
The Inside
is a region of space completely encompassed by Our Omniverse, yet nowhere coterminus with it. It's boundary is everywhere present when one is within The Omniverse, always being next to but never exactly at your current position. The Inside is simply the polar opposite of The Outside, yet it is also contained by it. Where as The Outside is a set of points lying outside the encompassment of The Omniverse, The Inside is the set of all points inside the encompassment of The Omniverse. In essence The Omniverse is a hollow shell and The Inside is the region that is completely cut off from the rest of The Outside by the boundary of The Omniverse in (ω+1)-hyperspace. Whodathunk ...
History
[
]
Omni-scientists were not always sure The Outside existed, let alone The Inside. It used to be maintained that The Omniverse was all that was, is, and ever would be. It was suspected that The Omniverse may be embedded in a higher (ω+1)-hyperspace due to the fact that the infinite dimensions of The Omniverse loop back on itself. It was often explained as the hypersurface of a ω-hypersphere embedded in an (ω+1)-hyperspace, but it was claimed that the (ω+1)-hyperspace was just a convenient hack, not a physical reality. Instead it was claimed merely that the space of The Omniverse was just a metric that had originally expanded from an infinitesimal loop into an infinite one, but the average Joe Shmoe remained largely unconvinced by this talk of "metrics" and lebesgue measures and what not. It was actually quite embarrassing when the omni-scientists discovered The Outside and had to publicly admit the man on the street had got it right all along!
Still, even after the discovery of The Outside, omni-scientists insisted there was no "Inside", no matter what uninformed nonsense you might hear from some drunken armchair philosopher currently puking their guts out just outside the local pub. "nah 'em" they collectively said, and went about their business. When the omni-scientists eventually had The Inside existed too well ... let's just say pubs across The Omniverse had a good hearty laugh and celebratory drink at the omni-scientists expense.
The idea that we might all exist on an infinitely thin film, and that on either side of our infinitely thin existence a gapping void of nothingness might be waiting to gobble us up into the abyss was certainly an uncomfortable thought for many an age. Sometimes in moments of clarity it has even been known to reduce modern man to gibbering madness.
It was maintained by early philosophers (mostly for their own sanity), especially of a theological bent, that there could not be more than an infinite number of dimensions of space, for, they argued, if there were (ω+1)-dimensions, one could just rearrange those dimensions into a lattice such that one would again discover that one only had ω-dimensions of space. Thus it couldn't possibly be that we are all really "flat", and was really "total and complete". The suspicion however that one is in fact "flat" no matter how many dimensions one occupies however does not come unbidden and without cause. It was of course shocking for 3-dimensional beings to learn they were "flat" in their a typical multiverse, or 4-dimensional beings to learn they were "flat" in a typical metaverse, or 5-dimensional beings ... and so on. Of course those smarmy pandimensionals (not mentioning any names) liked to claim that they were purveyors of all the dimensions that could ever exist, but everyone kind of liked to pretend in their head that they were probably "flat" too in some (ω+1)-space, even though it didn't seem to make sense.
Further Information
[
]
As it turns out, despite the protests of the early omni-philosophers, the (ω+1)th dimension is categorically different than all the previous dimensions encountered as it's what's called a "radial" dimension. It has other strange properties as well, such as mapping the points of ω-hyperspheres such that the size of its hypersurface is not effected by the size of the radius of the ω-hypersphere. This extra spatial dimension also doesn't seem to be comparable to the metric of all previous dimensions. Scientists have adopted the use of the ξ-Unit to measure radii in this extra hidden dimension. This may have had something to do with the choice of name for
The Xicohtlxul
as well, a strange mysterious place known only to exist at a precise ξ-radius in The Deadzone.
By definition the hypersurface of Our Omniverse lies on all the points exactly 1.0 ξ from a special point known as The Origin. Again, contrary to the pronouncements of prior scientists who did not believe in The Outside or The Inside, and their insistence that there was no "point in space" that represented the origin of The Omniverse, it turns out that there is a point in space from which it all began! It's just that that point no longer lies anywhere within The Omniverse.
Not much is actually known about the region of The Inside, other than it actually exists. For reasons not readily apparent, it is much more difficult to reach than The Outside. Something to do with barrel dynamics and Hilbertspace level relativistic principles, but most entities minds shut off in self defense upon trying to comprehend any of it so the less we got to talk about it the better. Having dodged that bullet however we are still left with the curiosity of what The Inside actually contains ...
Speculations and Theories
[
]
The Inside is believed to be composed of mostly empty space and not all that different than The Outside in that respect. It's also believed to act somewhat similarly to
The Deadzone
, which explains the difficultly in detecting it as it acts as if it's somebody else's problem and isn't even actually there, barreldrives tending to skip over the space as if it does not exist and signals being transferred instantly to the first "safe point" not within the region.
In fact such features were routinely exploited to near instantly send communications to opposite ends of The Omniverse rather than go the long way "around". This nigh instantaneous transmission of signals across a region that ostensibly should be "Inside" the Omnivere but nowhere actually within it was long used as evidence that The Inside actually didn't exist at all. Of course now days we all know better and this is rather explained by a combination of the fact that this region is "forbidden" for particles to dwell at as well as the fact that the radial dimension has a very different metric than the other dimensions, making it possible to say that The Omniverse, while having an infinite circumference actually has a finite diameter, at least that is the prevailing model.
In any case, even though we can not normally detect the presence of "space" within the encompassment of The Omniverse, similar to difficulties in proving The Deadzone exists, certain careful measurements and indescrepencies betray the existence of missing ξ-coordinates that must exist even if they are extremely difficult to detect, most particles refusing to go there preferring to pretend they don't exist. The Inside is comprised all radii less than 1.0 ξ. What exactly lies at 0.0 ξ is not known as this singularity leads to some paradoxes as it would somehow be a point that had a "hypersurface" as large as The Omniverse yet would be a single point at the same time. Some pseudo-scientists believe there is an entire Omniversal civilization existing in The Origin, or even posit its Omniverses all the way down, but Scientists are way too fed up with these sorts of entities to put up with that crap so they usually just call it pure flights of fantasical speculation or call them a bunch of blooming retards and leave it at that. The prevailing theory is that there is actually a hyperspherical region surrounding The Origin called The Remnant that is sort of like a shadow Omniverse that got left behind in the wake of it's expansion. The region is believed to be not empty, but actually filled with extremely dangerous radiation that would kill basically anything that tried to live in that region. The exact "size" of this hypersphere is not known but it is believed to be as small relative to The Omniverse as The Omniverse is to The Outside, which would place it somewhere around 0.000 01 ξ radii. Despite its seemingly small size it is maintained it's an infinite dimensional infinitely wrapped around space just like The Omniverse, no smaller than our own "internally". Whether verses can even form in this region is not known. It is believed to be filled with deadly exotic particles that give off an ugly and unpleasant "ruddy"-light that would actually fry your eyeballs if you could see it. Some believe this remnant is shrinking, implying that The Omniverse, The Outside and everything else is actually expanding even though it seems the same size at all times. If The Remnant itself contains an Inside this begs the question ... how far do the Matryoshka's continue inward ... and towards what? An infinitely small infinitely sized space of contradiction?! Even crazier theories have been proposed that if you somehow went far enough eventually you would discover in a tiny region another Outside exactly like our own ... and within that an Omniverse just like ours ... but entities that say crap like that are usually on several substances simultaneously, believe the scientific community is trying to keep the truth and often go to conventions where even crazier entities propose even crazier ideas and everyone nods their head as if it's fact. It's such a problem that scientists have decided to pretend like it isn't one and get back to work on actually gathering evidence on their various omniversal theories. Of course there are those who just think they are jealous they don't get out much but that's a tale for another day.