The True Creator
Provoked
Peaceful
Rules over
Everything and Everyone
Age
Always
Size
Undefined
Knowledge
Undefined
Power
Undefined
Goals
Unknown
Species
Undefined
The
True Creator
is the supreme being of everything
(also for some reason the true creator has a brother(yay),
balalin
, which sounds much more innocent, and balalin IS in fact much more innocent)
. Nothing exceeds this entity as it is final. The True Creator could snap reality out of existence if it wanted to. Nothing can destroy it. It is above everything. The True Creator of its local
Heaven
and
Hell
. The True Creator of everything that will and ever exists. The True Creator is so powerful it doesn't need either a
Pencil
or a
Paper
to create. The True Creator only has one ally which is
the True Destroyer
. however the True Creator has made one mistake, created
Godzilla in Hell
, the only thing that can kill anything.
This being transcends everything since he is the father of existence. He is one of the only beings that has seen the first universe besides the True Destroyer. Apparently, the first ever universe created in its local
Metaweb
lies inside the celestial body of the True Creator.
What came before him on it? Nothing. Similar to seeing out of your elbow, there was just nothing.
Lore/Story
[
]
Before making his Metaweb's reality exist, the True Creator sat alone (with balalin) floating in a void of absolute nothingness slightly similar to an
All void
for 50 Septillion Aleph Omegaplexianth years. He sat there depressed, lonely, and bored on an infinite scale. Halfway through the void of absolute nothingness, he to find his true meaning of being the only thing to ever exist there. Eventually, he started to learn. It took the True Creator almost 10 septillion years just to figure out how to create the first atom on its Metaweb (balalin was also there, learning with him, which is the reason why he eventually decided to make
the true real reality
).
The True Creator was thrilled with excitement once he created that first atom. It only took a few Googol years to create a piece of matter the size of a tennis ball. Eventually, the True Creator wanted more. He was alone. So, he meditated for a Googolplexianth years finding his inner peace and unlocking his true power. However, he didn't know there was another entity. The True Destroyer. And eventually, they met. Unfortunately, the True Destroyer couldn't create but only destroy. They both agreed that the True Creator would create, and the True Destroyer would destroy.
Eventually, they decided to team up and tried to learn how to create and destroy. Eventually, they created the first universe on its Metaweb. It was infinitely small with an infinite amount of energy inside it. Therefore, the first universe was created. The first Big Bang to happen there. That's how their world was sprung into existence.
The True Creator then decided to create a place for the True Destroyer. Where he could destroy, and he could do what he wanted. They both decided to part ways while still having contact with each other.
After a Googol or 10^100 years the True Creator started to get lonely again. So, he decided to create gods. Rather, his children. Most of these children would create with him.
Our universe
is actually one of the infinite amount of verses and dimensions that the True Creator and his children have created. Then, he thought of making a pet, so he made
Godzilla in Hell
. However, it escaped..
Now
[
]
Nowadays, the True Creator likes to spend his time on
earth
or any other planet with life. He appears as a
human,
but he could end the world if he wanted to. His intentions remain unknown. For the rest of the time that earth exists, the True Creator will live here. There is a rumor he lives with the ruler of hell on earth.
Sometimes the True Creator would like to have "family reunions" with the True Destroyer and all of its "children".
please dont delete this page i put my heart and soul into this
[
]
Feel free to add changes but just don't mess everything up.
- It got completly messed up so i changed it back how it used to be by going in history i hope i did a favor for you i did this with good intentions.
note: hello creator of this page, im Svz1! I decided to make an innocent, goofy brother named balalin and add it to this page, hope i didn't ruin it too much
-Hey, NotMisk here, i love what you did with the page, i think what you added was great, i made this a long time ago and didnt expect this to change at all, thanks!
Originally made by NotMiskYT