The Guy, That Guy, I Wanna BE The Guy, Are YOU That Guy, DON’T Be That Guy. The “original” Guy is widely believed to be Guy Fawkes. Guy Fawkes is That Guy because he attempted an assassination attempt against King James I. Fawkes did not succeed in his attempt however, creating a level of cognitive dissonance implicit in all discussions of The Guy. In many modern discussions, the cognitive dissonance is explained as a byproduct of the nature of The Guy being at a level incomprehensible to humanity, thus causing discussion of The Guy to itself be dissonant with reality. This is of course, also dissonant, as many normal humans already can easily understand the nature of The Guy to some extent.
In reality, That Guy is neither perfect nor imperfect. The Guy exists between the element and its complement. If that does not make sense to you, you are not the only one. This concept is very difficult and takes a life’s work to understand. The book “On The Guy” by prodigy Guyologist Ronald Johnson may provide an excellent overview of this topic. Of course, a basic foundation of algebraic topology and quantum mechanics is required.
Alternate Theories
[
]
One particularly popular alternate theory is that The Guy is not incomprehensible to humanity, but rather tied into the nature of humanity. “The Guy is not one person, all people can take the mantle of The Guy” said licensed guynecologist Robert S. Guy. Proponents of this theory claim that being That Guy is implicit in being human, and, even more broadly, in being sapient. Other notable theories include the theory that The Guy does not exist, the theory that the cognitive dissonance is a result of some fatal flaw in the rest of understanding of science, and that the cognitive dissonance is not, in fact, an issue but instead necessary in understanding the truth of existence.
Relevance
[
]
The influence of The Guy on modern astronomy should not be understated. After the original theory of The Guy was published, astronomy was revolutionized, often using theories of The Guy to its advantage. The most notable theory influenced by The Guy is the Guyniverse Theory. This theory states that the Omniniverse (a catch-all term for all of existence) is structured similar to The Guy. Essentially, the Omniniverse is not structured in any discernible order.