The Wheel
The Wheel
Scale
Size
1/Ω post alphasm meters
Finality Index
𝜃
Dimensionality
𝑌
𝑌
Properties
Class
Finality Chain
Shape
Torus
Density (Void Percentage)
0 ± 𝑌
𝑌
Position
Contained by:
The First Realms
Contains:
The Balls
The Wheel
is a
large, green, spinning torus, a benchmark for size and complexity, containing everything that follows the laws of geometry, and a steppingstone to the
second
Realm
.
Large
, as in
so monstruously big, so incomprehensibly voluminous, that there exists no true image of even a chunk of the Wheel
, which would be considered more than just a single colour, or that would even show the texture of the Wheel. Any image one may find of the Wheel, are simply artistic renditions and interpretations, simulations or fantasy artwork.
Green
, as in, if you take the entire color spectrum of an onlooker,
that they can see
, the Wheel's primary exterior will take the color that their eyes are most sensitive to(for the plain naked completely ordinary human eye, it is 555 nm). The color spectrum,
however
, must corespond to a natural pattern, like how the color spectrum in our
Universe
comes naturally from the
wavelength of the photons that hit our eyes.
Spinning
, as in the Wheel rotates eternally around its percieved center.
Not with accordance to time flow
,
the Wheel needs nothing and no one to depend on, for it to act.
Nothing can make the Wheel end its eternal dance of rotation, around every axis, pole and singularity in percieved reality. It turns in every direction, dimension, at all speeds at the same time.
Torus
,
to call it just a torus would be an understatement
. All of the first Realm warps and twists, as well as spins, in accordance to the Wheel, in a
torus-like way.
This is the true meaning of its size. The Wheel submits to and obeys no authority, be it reality itself or not. The Wheel rotates the Realm it inhabits in a
water-like fashion.
Primary distortion happens inside of the Wheel itself, dumbing down the effects further and further away.
It is a benchmark in size
, due to being inaccessible through the finality function. Nobody knows what is precisely located outside of it, and nobody feels the need to know, as it is simply pointless to try. The Wheel itself may even be the first realm, it may not, nobody knows.
This object can also be considered a benchmark for complexity
, due to a reason mentioned above in this article. The image you are seeing in the infobox is the most recent simulation of the Wheel. It was constructed by mapping a giant region of the Wheel as
accurately as physically possible and covering an area as large as physically possible, while mainting the best ratio of accuracy to size
, then, through machines and artificial inteligence,
every single possible pattern and nestation of patterns is found
, and finally, all patterns are extended in a predictable way to complete a full image of the Wheel. This process is
incredibly complicated
, as just finding out the shape must be done through a process involving manipulation of Realm curvature,
law gradiency
, teleportation and more.
And, the Wheel is a stepping stone torwards the second Realm, due to most of everything mentioned above. Its sheer size has ties with the second Realm not only due to natural processes and such, but also due to the
worshippers of the
Alebo-Ashewan
using the largest and most notable objects in our Realm as playing ground for their, in a metaphorical sense, 4D chess, but played against all of reality as we know it.
The spinning motion of the Wheel is so alienated from reality,
that it is suggested to be moved by forces not from our Realm
. The sheer complexity just from trying to picture the Wheel, let alone figuring out how it works, matches that of the 0
OYC
event, in which contact with the second Realm was
first ever executed
.
Everything contained by the Wheel is located in an area of a hypothetical sphere, with the radius of the inner hole of the Wheel. This is, unsurprisingly, due to its constant infinite spinning.
Nothing gets in the Wheel's way of spinning
, objects must find the perfect moment to teleport outside to escape. The spinning of the warp zone traps all of the objects inside.