The Giant Fireball
is a very large object that is made of heat. It is so hot in this space that it is unknown what actually happens within it. We only view it within
The Box
, as our technology cannot reach it. We believe it exists outside of the box, but due to the box axiom, a part of this fireball exists within here. This is because
The Giant Fireball
seems to be emitting some sort of shadow onto the box. We calculate that its distance is extremely far, so far that almost no heat can reach us.
The Giant Fireball
Natural Position
Contained by
Space and Time
Contains
EXPLASMATIC state of matter
Scale
Dimensionality
Not Evaluated
Diameter
2021: >~ Extreme Space-Wide-Cardinal * 1.28
Space-Wide Cardinal
Kardashev Scale
<1
The Giant Fireball
is made up of a 5th type of "matter" known as EXAPLASMA. This condition is when the surrounding matter is so hot, that the spread of this type of matter results in complete annihilation of space. This complete annihilation causes a secondary effect known as "Energetic Explosion". This effect only happens when all of the surrounding space has been annihilated, in which point, remaining heat within the matter will not be able to spread. This causes a "Temporal Flow Disruption" and causes total destruction of time within that area.
Unfortunately, Giant Fireball particles are still able to flow into this "lack of matter". The lack of matter will not absorb the energy, but Giant Fireball particles can still flow through without any disruption.
The particles can then heat up the timeless area, resulting in the "Timeframe Paradox". This is when particles are so hot that they violate temporal flow, and will be able to flow nonetheless of the lack of time within. This also unfreezes objects, and unfreezes the surrounding (time-space)less area.
Filling in the matter, these unfrozen particles will then start annihilating space itself (as they are now part of space and not only matter). This means a major existential threat to existence itself, and it could result in total destruction of existence itself given enough time.
Since
The Giant Fireball
is hot enough to destroy spacetime and matter itself, there really is no current way of stopping it. Over the course of billions of billions of years, this "anomaly" has expanded far beyond what is definable using Aleph numbers in a simple page. The fact that makes it worse, is that maybe it is only getting started, and it is barely the size of what it will be another billion years later.
Once it reaches the box, we have no idea how it will interact. We think it is the more unfortunate part, where it literally breaches the box itself and starts destroying concepts. We don't know if it could self-terminate itself by destroying its own concept, but we do know that it will cause lots of damage when reaching the box.
No one knows what
The Giant Fireball
is currently doing, but it is probably leaving a large space of expanding nothingness. Coupled with the growth of
The Fireball
itself, we don't know how large it is.
We don't know what it even is exactly, let alone know how to contain it. We just don't know. And when we do, it will probably be too late to do any such action.
Or maybe we were thinking wrong this entire time.