The Light Tribe is a society of beings formed by the
Puffian
, which teaches beings how to use Puffian Magic, this tribe grew out to many other species including Humans. There are many levels and ranks in this tribe, all based on how effectively you use magic. There are thousands of members from this society and as far as what is known, appear to be the only Non-Puffian, Non-God beings which still use
Puffish
and
Puff-Glyph
as ordinary languages, and is taught along with magic. Their home is one of the islands in
Zoid
known as
IDD HAAT ZII'EM-'TREEB'
.
Light Tribesman
[
]
These are the first few levels of The Light Tribe. People within this rank have minimal to average magical powers, and are taught by the ones of higher levels. Each level within this rank has a differently coloured robe, going from dark grey, red, and then to green.
Higher Ones
[
]
There are but few of this level within this tribe, currently 6 at this time, ranging from many species, including 1 Puffian (Zii-Jaj), 1
Polidish
Human
(
Kal-Oh
), 1
Xaggeez
(Zek) , 1
Entrigeri
(Vloot) and 2 others (Doln, Obb). Becoming a Higher One involves being renamed to something
Puffish
-Like, and having a special, personally designed mask with
Puff-Glyph
symbols all over it. These beings have tremendous magical power and can at best, manipulate very large mountains. Shown in the picture below, with the picture of a Higher one before its mask is drawn, their masks actually have no holes, and do not use their eyes at all, and instead use the presence of soul and energy to sense their surroundings. This is also true about their leader, the Zii-Arch.
Zii-Arch
[
]
The 6 Higher Ones (Vloot, Doln, Zek, Kal-Oh, Obb, and Zii-Jaj) with their masks, along with an empty mask
The Zii-Arch is the leader of the tribe and is unbelievably magically talented. If it wished, it could in the span of 1.2 minutes destroy an entire star system. Obviously, only a
Puffian
could
ever
access this much magical power. Oddly enough, this being has on its mask, one of the special
8 DIVINE GOD
-type
Puff-Glyph
symbols on it. The only known beings which know of its meaning appear to be only it and the Higher Ones.