The Hyper Nightmare
All Deaths come from The Hyper Nightmare, he is the source of evil.
Rules over
Nothing, since he is trapped inside a Pocket Dimension
Age
The Second Being
Size
Immeasurable
Knowledge
Infinite
Power
Slightly Stronger than The Hyper Dream
Goals
To kill the Hyper Dream, and become the Emperor of existence.
Species
Cosmic God
Once upon a time, since reality began there were 2 beings, The Hyper Dream and The Hyper Nightmare. Originally, The Hyper Nightmares name used to be The Hyper Life. After Transfinite Years, when The Hyper Dream and The Hyper Life learned to use their absolute powers. The Hyper Dream wanted to create new life forms, life forms that will help give the multiverse a meaning for its existence, but the Hyper Life wanted to create new life forms that battle against each other for resources and so an argument started and they fought for quadrillions of Years straight, the Hyper Dream won because he was more experienced in using his powers, after The Hyper Life was defeated, After regenerating he realized that The Hyper Dream went on with his plans and he had already created omniverses, he wanted to get revenge and so he went on a rampage destroying Trillions of Universes, Multiverses, and Dimensions and he continued destroying Multiverses for Years without The Hyper Dream Noticing, The Hyper Dream Noticed about this after The Hyper Life Absorbed 17% of the Omniverse, The Hyper Dream was gonna fight the Hyper Life.. it was a long battle. The Hyper Life Threw a blaster that vaporized every single Dimension in a 1 Decillion Light Year Radius, but it barely affected The Hyper Dream so then he attacked the Hyper Life with a barrage of punches, The Hyper Life got injured and then The Hyper Dream trapped The Hyper Life inside a God-Cell and then after regenerating the Hyper Life wanted to kill The Hyper Dream and tried to escape, but then he told himself if he wanted to kill the Hyper Dream he Had to make himself stronger. So then he trained for trillions of years and then he ascended into a new form so then the Hyper Nightmare was born, and so he was strong enough to break the cell and escape, so then he escaped the box and entered another reality destroying everything there, destroying an infinite amount of universes, dimensions, multiverses and absorbing everyone and everything becoming stronger and stronger so than after he thought he was strong enough he went back to his box and was gonna fight the Hyper Dream again, and then he fought him. The battle lasted quintillion’s of years.. but when the battle started the Hyper Nightmare used his ultimate attack “Vortex Breaker” and when it hit the Hyper Dream it created A shockwave so big it shook Absolute Infinity.. then the Hyper Dream realized that his speed, strength, power, and durability ridiculously improved since the last time they fought, the Hyper Dream knew that most of his attacks had no affect on the Hyper Nightmare, so the only way to get rid of him was to erase his entire timeline so he did.. the cost of the timeline was erasing half of the Omniverse, but the Hyper Dream knew if he didn’t get rid of him he could destroy entire omniverses so he erased his timeline.. half of the Hyper dreams creation was all gone..