Barrelplaka
Natural Position
Contained by
The Barrelplakanias
Contains
Barrelplazias
Scale
Dimensionality
ω+3
Diameter
~1200^^4764830006 times larger than a
Barrelplazia
on average
Kardashev Scale
ω+10
About
[
]
The
Barrelplakas
are the set of
Barrelplazias
. All of the Barrelplazias function exactly the same as one another, and are virtually identical, but they contain different things. The exception is the very outside of the Barrelplakas, in which the Barrelplazias'
Daniels
always remain green, so the Barrelplaka seems green from the outside. This causes it to glow in the dark.
It is also possible for
Barrelplock.s
to slowly orbit around a Barrelplaka, but they never actually make a full rotation because the Barrelplakas are several infinite orders of magnitude larger than them. The Barrelplock.s are not green, but they may look like that due to the fact that the Barrelplaka is of that color.
Local origins
[
]
Our Barrelplaka was made by an unknown
god
. They made it use its powers into this, because
Bongus
made them do so by mind-controlling them. That means this Barrelplaka was indirectly created by Bongus to contain Barrelplazias, and Bongus created an infinite amount of clones throughout every place where they were that Bongus can reach, and he reaches everywhere.
Nobody noticed that this Barrelplaka was EATING Barrelplazias near to it after being deployed for some reason, though, and its god became weak since its powers were drained by its creation. Because of this, this Barrelplaka was now omnipresent, omniscient (formerly), and omnipotent despite not being alive.
Eventually, a box of beans was placed on top of our Barrelplaka, and then it fell apart into pieces. However, someone pieced the Barrelplaka back together, and preserved said box of beans in a museum approximately 3.5cm away from this Barrelplaka. The museum also contains four bells and a table, but nobody typically finds those interesting.
After its accidental dissasembly and posterior repair, it no longer consumed Barrelplazias, finally behaving "normally".
Trivia
[
]
The
Pointlessly Omnipotent Worm
teleports between them when he sleeps, though he doesn’t know it.