The Super Container
It’s rainbow!!!
Scale
Size
Unknown, but contains ALOT of containers.
EUSI
Higher than the
Container
. Undecided exact EUSI.
Properties
Temperature
-684.2 C. How’s that possible? Idk, ask the original creator.
Class
21
Life Percentage
?
Shape
unlike the image suggests, it’s a hypershere. Image is just a depiction.
Position
Contained by:
The Mega Containers
Contains:
The containers
Structure
[
]
The
Super container
is a transparent hypersphere. So, basically ignore the image. Anyway, the Supercontainer contains basically something like a fractal wireframe, which is a massivle branching structure which is made of moving hypersolids. This megastructure creates smaller and smaller branches as it goes. It is like the
Container
, in that it contains everything smaller than it. (the
Mega Container
is empty). Its composition is containers and about 4.98×10
-16
% rogue matter, as well as a solid, semi-transparent virtual matter that has no mass and composes the entirety of the wireframe. This wireframe shifts and moves and even the solids spin themselves. These solids themselves contain more fractal structures until they get to the size of the
Container
.
The Super Containter has the exact same properties as The
Container
. The super container is full of a void full of spinning purple wireframe cubes which infinitely contain smaller and smaller cubes that are also spinning. These eventually go down to
The Container
. These spinning shapes are very, very slowly moving. When they collide, they merge to form a weird monstrosity that defies all logic.
After some research, it has been devised that the mysterious virtual matter is actually a solid forcefield-based matter made of pure force, which confines the structures. The faces of these solids are also made of forcefields.
Since the container has to contain all that is smaller than itself, it is impossible to get outside of from the inside. You can still travel however far away you want to, but you're still inside the container. Since the container contains all that is smaller than itself, particles in larger verses must be larger than the container. That's kind of weird to think about. It has no lower or upper bound to its size. However, for extremely powerful entities it is possible, though it tends to break the logic of the Super Container, and as you know, bypassing the logic of an infinite verse is hard.
Vodeleidae
[
]
Vodeleidae is an extremely powerful entity that is constantly shapeshifting, and is usually of a very weird, indescribable form. It lives off of spinning shapes, and it survives off of 500 of them per day. It does not have any way of removing consumed matter from itself, so it just keeps growing over time. It actually has an infinite food source since every time it consumes a shape, 6 more of them form.