The Slate
A Slate (the thing in gray) located on its Table (the thing in white)
Scale
Size
Takes up about 9% of their
Table
's top on average
Dimensionality
Same as a
Table
Kardashev Scale
Varies from place to place
Properties
Class
7
Life Percentage
47%
Shape
Very flat and rectangular
Position
Contained by:
The Tables
Contains:
Many civilizations and verses
Contents
1
About
2
Structure and composition
3
Special Events which happen on The Slate
4
Benefits and Dangers of the Slates
4.1
Benefits
4.1.1
Slate farming
4.2
Dangers
About
[
]
The
Slates
are an extremely large type of area located on
Tables
. They act as a sort of sandbox on their Tables, and
entities
/
civilizations
can do whatever they want on there, creating a sort of anarchy. Every 18,446,744,073,709,552,000
OYC
, a Slate will have everything on it deleted/destroyed.
It is theorized that the first
Cosmic Zaaaaaaaap
of our
First Realm
took place on our local Table's Slate, although nothing can be confirmed.
Structure and composition
[
]
The Slates, just like the Tables, are "flat" surfaces, with all the things they contain located at the top of them. The overall thickness of the Slates is of about 65 LY on average, making them incomprehensibly thin (relative to its surroundings), just like the
Papers
. This, however, does not mean that the Slates are easy to puncture/penetrate, as they're made out of pure
Zul'em Matter
, making them nigh-indestructible.
The Slates also hace their own hierarchies, along with direct copies of the
main hierarchy
on it.
Special Events which happen on The Slate
[
]
A variety of special things happen on the Slates from time to time. They are:
As mentioned before, every 18,446,744,073,709,552,000 OYC, everything on the Slates are erased.
Every 7 OYC, an entire
verse
filled with all sorts of valuable
materials
and substances will spawn in a random place in the Slates. Civilizations which manage to find such a verse can become extremely powerful in just a few OYC (provided that they use the materials and substances to their full advantage.)
Every 91 OYC, a helpful cosmic entity will appear (usually in the outer areas) which can give civilizations useful items and also bring them out of their Slate if the latter is about to erase everything on it.
Every 16 OYC, the Slates will project an extremely large piece of
Pencil Language
text onto the walls of their
Room
. The Pencil Language writing usually seems to say "
yez hohk krobabaf"
, meaning  "16 is a good number". The meaning behind such words is still unknown.
Every 123 OYC, a lot of water is dumped onto the Slates for over 10 seconds. This water is a mixture of salt water and fresh water, and it is very hard to change this water’s state of matter for some reason.
Every 472 OYC, the Slates will create a verse that will float out of them and into the walls of their local Room. The created verse can be the one from the event every 7 OYC, a
Pencilverse
variant containing a ton of pencils and in which everyone speaks pencil language for some reason, or an area that generates
Boxes
. All of these verses explode into
primordium delta
and
primordium alpha
(but not a
Mixture
) after 1274 OYC.
Every 24,638,762,598,215 OYC, the Slates will spew
Blueprint Particles
everywhere, releasing enough per planck time to generate 161,616,161,616
Cetaverses
. This event lasts for 2 hours. Very rarely (about once every 1,243 times it does this event), it’ll release
that one particle that has almost no clones of it in existence because they all turned into Blueprint Particles.
Benefits and Dangers of the Slates
[
]
Benefits
[
]
As the Slates pretty much are an area of total anarchy and no rules, they're extremely useful for civilizations to get materials and a head start. Many very useful things are littered throughout them, spawning periodically.
Slate farming
[
]
If the civilizations gathering them are way too powerful (as in being above the level of the Tables or even the Rooms, including everything above that too), they may even start taking the resources from several Slates at once.
Dangers
[
]
Even though the Slates are very useful, them, especially in their outer regions, are extremely dangerous, and many civilizations have been destroyed by other civilizations frantically trying to get out of their Slates right when they were about to erase everything on them. In fact, countless entities and civilizations have been destroyed because of the Slates erasing everything on them.