What are the Absolute -0s?
[
]
The Absolute -0
An Absolute -0.
Scale
Dimensions
-0
Size
Theorically beyond
the Absolute +0s
Kardashev Scale
Physically impossible to understand
Location
Contained by
The Absolute *0s
Contains
The Absolute +0s
The
Absolute -0s
are absolutely huge objects, as they roughly contain -a I̸̸̧̨̧͊̎ͮ̋͋ͫ͌ͯ͞͝͏̺̘̻̺̬̹͖̰n̸ͮ̅̋̋̔͛̂ͯ͞͏̨̨̨̳̞̣̖̳̳͙͘͜ͅfͤ̉͊͗͗̽͌ͣ͘͟͏̧̡͘҉̺̳̞͎͉̩̻̼̀i̷̸̧̢̛̛̻̥͓̼̯̬̻̤ͧ͐̽͐͌̈ͤ̊̀͜ǹ̴̸̛̽͊͗ͦͫ̓͗҉̵͏̴̯̗̮͚͉͙͇͖͟ị̶̸̡͇̥͕̜̠͙̮̎̎̾̑ͤͧͪ̌́́͢͜͢t̴̡̛̋̓̐́͛̋ͬͭ͟͟͞͡͏̼͚͇̦̫̖͕̗y̢̨̡͍͕̝̰̬̹̠͇̾̈́̈́͊ͤ͂̅͌̀͟͜͝͞ amount of
Absolute +0s
each.
The Absolute -0s would- be bigger than -1, -3. -23 etc. because the
number
(0) is -I̸̸̧̨̧͊̎ͮ̋͋ͫ͌ͯ͞͝͏̺̘̻̺̬̹͖̰n̸ͮ̅̋̋̔͛̂ͯ͞͏̨̨̨̳̞̣̖̳̳͙͘͜ͅfͤ̉͊͗͗̽͌ͣ͘͟͏̧̡͘҉̺̳̞͎͉̩̻̼̀i̷̸̧̢̛̛̻̥͓̼̯̬̻̤ͧ͐̽͐͌̈ͤ̊̀͜ǹ̴̸̛̽͊͗ͦͫ̓͗҉̵͏̴̯̗̮͚͉͙͇͖͟ị̶̸̡͇̥͕̜̠͙̮̎̎̾̑ͤͧͪ̌́́͢͜͢t̴̡̛̋̓̐́͛̋ͬͭ͟͟͞͡͏̼͚͇̦̫̖͕̗y̢̨̡͍͕̝̰̬̹̠͇̾̈́̈́͊ͤ͂̅͌̀͟͜͝͞ times bigger than any other numbers, even bigger than -I̸̸̧̨̧͊̎ͮ̋͋ͫ͌ͯ͞͝͏̺̘̻̺̬̹͖̰n̸ͮ̅̋̋̔͛̂ͯ͞͏̨̨̨̳̞̣̖̳̳͙͘͜ͅfͤ̉͊͗͗̽͌ͣ͘͟͏̧̡͘҉̺̳̞͎͉̩̻̼̀i̷̸̧̢̛̛̻̥͓̼̯̬̻̤ͧ͐̽͐͌̈ͤ̊̀͜ǹ̴̸̛̽͊͗ͦͫ̓͗҉̵͏̴̯̗̮͚͉͙͇͖͟ị̶̸̡͇̥͕̜̠͙̮̎̎̾̑ͤͧͪ̌́́͢͜͢t̴̡̛̋̓̐́͛̋ͬͭ͟͟͞͡͏̼͚͇̦̫̖͕̗y̢̨̡͍͕̝̰̬̹̠͇̾̈́̈́͊ͤ͂̅͌̀͟͜͝͞. What so ever the Absolute *0s are multiplied the- Absolute 0 with the Absolute -0 so it is the Absolute -0*the -Absolute 0.
What sort are the Absolute -0s
[
]
The Absolute -0s are not a type of
verse
, metaboxial structure,
teraverse
, etc. They instead are beyond Ηὑge objects, meaning they're made of Ηὑge numbers.
Everything inside of the Absolute -0s are 1 number, what so ever everything outside the Absolute -0s is a MEGA Ηὑge number instead, or you can call them a Minus Inaccessible Number.
How do you describe the Absolute -0s?
[
]
It's... It's.... well, it's literally a Ηὑge number containing other Ηὑge numbers coming along with even bigger numbers, but what they really are... is.... just undescribable.
They are really complicated, though you will understand this
page
more when you have read
the Absolute
, this is pretty much that, vut more complicated, larger and way more advanced too.
The only number bigger is 1.