The Non
Possibly the last barrier, layer, strip, whatever you call it, of reality. Anything beyond this point doesn't make sense or even not exist anymore.
Scale
Dimensions
-100
Size
Envelops the entire box...?
Kardashev Scale
0
Location
Contained by
The Box
Contains
The Box
The Non is a realm beyond the box, it is unknown if this thing is actually real as some says no, some says yes, and some say neither. This is a barren void, completely empty. Nothing, and I mean absolutely nothing except
The Box
exists here. Sure you can fill it with random stuff, but eventually they'll be erased or become part of The Non too. If you look at the infobox, you know it's weird when it contains the thing that contains it itself. Its not bigger than
The Box
, it just comes after the box. Physics here is chaotic, as some objects act like other objects, do stuff that they shouldn't do, heck, you might even be affected by the chaotic physics and turn naked or turn into a blackhole, as such it is not recommended to stay here for too long.
What it does to things inside
[
]
After 48 hours, inanimate objects become glitchy and may lag like in video games, and sometimes have one of the chaotic physics temporarily affect them, but only in appearance.
After 54 hours, the lags appear more often along with the chaotic physics, it is very hard to recover in this stage, however things still stay relatively fine.
After 60 hours, objects and people start to slowly and gradually "corrupt" and become part of The Non, the size of the object slowing down the corruption, with very large objects like
The Box
having total immunity to corruption. chaotic physics are happening very often and it also becomes more chaotic.
After 61 hours, this is where the chaotic physics go full throttle, acting very like game randomizers, but literally anything could happen. You likely wont see people come back again, this is also where the melting accelerates a bit faster, but only for objects it could corrupt.
After 69 (Nice) Hours, Objects inside cannot go back inside the box, and most objects will be destroyed by chaotic physics.
Note:
The Box
that it "contains" and itself that is the only object that it could not corrupt nor do anything to, as it seems like
The Box
itself is making The Non. This is also a very eco-friendly, albeit a bit slow, giant trash can.