The Ice Cream
Natural Position
Contained by
The Cups
Contains
The Cherries
Scale
Diameter
6x bigger than
the Cherries
Kardashev Scale
The only few live creatures here have an extremly high kardashev scale.
The
Ice Cream
is a large, highly hallucinogenic structure which is sturdier then almost all known materials before and
cannot be penetrated by any non-ToG deities known to us
(outdated data). The Ice Creams are the holders of
the Cherries
, another similarly inpenetrable structure. The Ice Creams reside somewhere within a verse at the 12th
Everything Layer
, and
are by far the largest non-hierarchy verses found so far
(also outdated). The Ice Creams' sole purpose is to dissuade visitors from getting to and into the Cherries. Our local Ice Cream is also known as ZSD-23.
Traps
[
]
By far the most well known thing about the Ice Creams is the various ways they rid of invaders attempting to access their local Cherries. One of the ways they do this is via. a hallucinogen mentioned earlier with enough potency to scar and perpetuate through minds over quadrillions of
Omniverses
distances away. This isn't very far, but over a very highly infinite distance those who approach the Ice Creams become very tempted to go away from them at all costs, even before other parts of the mind are affected.
Another highly dangerous feature of the Ice Creams is their combo of great taste and quicksand-like surface which shows some signs of intelligence. The Ice Creams' unbreakable material is also very tasty, as even shown on the green segments. The few who have lived the Ice Creams said it tasted "..something like a bubblegum flavor.", with the chips as "...somewhat minty." Do not be fooled though, as their surface is highly mallable and have dragged down entire fleets of spaceships from lightyears away by stretching and absorbing them into themselves. Extra matter is added evenly to the surface.
Finally, the Ice Creams are unsurprisingly very cold, although their Cherries are even colder. The temperatures are nearly unrecordable as most thermometers meant specifically for the cold still break or cannot record the frigidness of an Ice Cream. Research from unfortunate but telepathic cosmic entities also retails that they get colder as you go in, with the source of it seeming to be
the Pit
within their Cherry.
It is theorised that the real temperature would detonate the human brain if it saw the actual coldness expressed truely, on a screen.