The Great Dimensihedron
Visualization (?) of Great Dimensihedron
Basic info
Size
Φ(Φ(ω,ω,ω),Φ(ω,ω,ω),Φ(ω,Φ(ω,ω,ω),ω))
Temperature
∅...just ∅...
Color
...dont even try to comprehend
Age
Φ(ω,ω,Φ(ω,Φ(ω,ω,ω)))
Properties
Dimensions
Φ(ω,ω,ω
ω
,ω2)
EUSI
ψ(Φ(Φ(ω,ω,ω,ω,ω,ω,ω,Φ(ω))))
Location
Located in
every possible location around largest black hole(s)
Contained by
?????
Contains
countless
Elementary Hexahedron
Relations
Orbit host(s)
Largest black hole(s)
Satellite(s)
(relatively smol) dimensionally vibrating icosahedrons
Contents
1
⌬About
Great
Dimensi
hedron
1.1
⌬ Objects inside this
1.2
⌬ Dimensional differences
1.3
⌬ Icosahedrons
⌬About
Great
Dimensi
hedron
[
]
The Great Dimensihedron is hexahedral symmetry structure containing every single possible, impossible, imaginable, and unimaginable forms of Elementary Hexahedron and its below structures. Unlike Elementary hexahedron which immediately incinerates any material entering it, Great Dimensihedron has temperature of ∅. Yes, ∅, the math symbol for none! :D
Its stats are all high-level transinfinities, so there are uncountable number of objects in it. For one example, just look at its size; it is staggering how its size becomes hard to describe even with transinfinite level Bachmann's function! Here it just looks like random arrangement of letters rather than... something of math :D......
It orbits largest possible black hole possible. Ill explain "largest possible black hole" in other page, so lets move it aside. The dimensihedron has few tens of gigantic icosahedrons as its satellites. Right picture is not really a true visualization, since its color is incomprehensible (blue to violet gradient but somethin very weird).
⌬ Objects inside this
[
]
"this" means Great Dimensihedron. I wrote this because name of it is little... long! :'D So anyways the dimensihedron contains
elementary hexahedrons
. They form environments similar to
Probabilistical The Box Supercluster
or
Hypercluster
, only The Box'es are replaces with elementary hexahedrons of different sizes and levels.
Not only elementary hexahedrons form byotiful objects, it can also arrange
The Particles
into molecule-like shapes by being center of it. Those "molecules" form bigger structure, bigger planet, another super-huge universe... on and on until they form another elementary hexahedron. Now its their turn too form fractal......all the way up to 1/10 of dimensihedron.
⌬ Dimensional differences
[
]
From every possible and impossible perspective, Great Dimensihedron appears as maximum dimensions their Big Brain can understand. So that's why I put 3D model of it not other dimensions D: Not only it has sum weird properties about perspectives, it also vibrates in dimensions..... slower than Cyberpunk 20077 development cycle + bug patch time.
That might be horendous exaggeration, but seriously, dimensihedron has dimensional vibration cycle longer than transinfinite ordinal level amount of tiem. I dont use cyberpunk development tiem meme in sum smol stuffs, so you can trust it!
Wait but what is dimensional vibration on dimensihedron? simply it is going through increase and decrease at amount of dimensions perspectives can see. So u can see 4D,5D, and so on to transinfinite ordinal dimension form of dimensihedron. it is possible bcuz dimesihedron increases 1 dimension per its unit of tiem.
⌬ Icosahedrons
[
]
Icosahedrons orbit the dimensihedron at very close distance since it would be absorbed by largest possible black holes. Icosahedrons approximately contain same number of concepts as dimensihedron itself while objects inside it has same properties as great dimensihedrons.