Timelineverse
The Timelineverse depicted as a Yggdrasil tree (from the series Loki)
SIze and more
Size
600 billion ly (one timeline) 360 sextillion (the whole timeline verse)
Dimensions
3+2
Planets with life percentage
Depends on Timeline
Has life
Depends on Timeline
Containments
Contained by:
Superverse
,
Supertimelineverse
Contains:
Timelines,
universes
The
Timelineverse
acts like a time-dimensional type of
universe
with 2D time instead of 1D time. The Timelineverse is a part of every single universe, as each universe allows for different timelines and versions of itself, and is linked to the
Time Tree
. The Timelineverse does not take up space as it is purely time. The horizontal axis of the Timelineverse (each 1D piece of time on the plane) can be referred to as the T axis, and the vertical axis of the Timelineverse (the 1D shift between timelines) can be referred to as the L axis.
With the extra dimension of time, there can be infinite variations of any universe, as timelines create and branch due to any actions that could occur. For example, life forms in this universe on a different timeline can already have technology impossible in our timeline as anything can happen in any timeline in this universe, an infinite amount of timelines have extremely advanced technology, an infinite amount don't, etc. Another infinite amount probably don't even have life in the first place. Essentially, the Timelineverse follows the traditional idea of the multiverse (the
Many-Worlds Interpretation
, where every action leads to a split/branching universe) however shows it purely thru timelines. However, some timelines are purely made because our universe formation/singularity had been different in that timeline in comparison to other timelines.
Without any sort of “timeline traveling” device which can traverse the L axis, we normally are not able to see any of the timelines, but if we did have this kind of a device then we would see that all of the timelines are like branches, assembled in a Yggdrasil tree.
Every single Timelineverse has links to the
Cloudverse
, as the many Timelineverse has a sort of time wormhole that souls pass through when a person passes away, as to allow for ease of use, each Timelineverse immediately teleports a soul to the Cloudverse.
About size
[
]
If you move at least a little along the second time coordinate, then you will leave your timeline and either get into another one (depending on the distance between the timelines) or into a void where there seems to be time, but there is only emptiness. So in fact, to calculate the size of this universe, we need to square the size of the ordinary universe, then we will cover the size of all timelines + "time voids".
See also
[
]
Complex dimensions