Megacollaboration
Tom, the psycho is
a megacollab
! Pages like were created by lots of different people, so the writing styles may be different throughout the article.
Allowed Collaborators:
Svki.z
,
Mrhappymonyet
,
Molang sus
Poof685
,
Jamieyangletian12345
Current Collaborators: N/A
"sharing is caring" -
DiggyPT
(2024)
Pyscho
Tom the pyscho
Name
Tom
Rules Over
He doesn’t rule over much but every single psycho there i on earth since he surpassed all of them
Age
12
Size
(Unknown)
Knowledge
a very stupid person that is willing to kill anyone and destroy every single Omni verse there if he had the chance to
Power
He is a very strong person that could have easily destroyed the quack quack duck society. He can destroy the allsphere and the imprecievable plane easily because of his immense power and can transend through reality and kill every single being in the omniverse just for entertainment
Goals
to kill and destroy every one and the allsphere
Species
psychotic human
Behavioral Moral Alignment
enraged and trying to kill every verse there is in his way.
Creator
his parents
Creations
make people become a physic like him
All of you all must fucking die
—
Tom
He is way worse than the quack quack duck society…
Because he is a psycho
…
(This is WIP)
Tom is one of the villains of
The Jamie secret alliance
and by far he is the strongest villain and the biggest threat to all the JSA since he is the most powerful villian. He can destroy every single omniverse, allsphere and beyond the concepts of all of that and wipe out every single being in existence just to entertain himself.
Tom has the power to destroy every single being in the whole omniverse and managed to implode every single living thing in every single existences there is because he just likes to do all that for fun.
he would torture every single cosmic beings there are alone and would wipe out Omni gods if tom accidentally see’s him, he manages to capture every single existence and even if they did nothing. He would torture all of them to death without caring about any shit at all, he is more evil than
The Embodiment of Evil
and many other villians there are in the AD wiki. That’s what makes tom the biggest threat to
The Jamie secret alliance
.
tom easily had the potential to become the main villian of the
The Jamie secret alliance
since he is the most evil and can implode every single omniverse and torture and slaughter every single existence there are to death and he would make sure their death is the most painful and it lasts very long. He can easily destroy the quack quack duck society (main villian of
The Jamie secret alliance
) by himself and would kick Jacob strongman’s ass right out of the allsphere.