Tom Republic
Tom Republic flag: 7002 OYC - present
Still Alive?
Yes
The
Tom Republic
is a country that controls most of the
Talking Tom
civilization in
The true host
. The only other country in it was the
West Tom Republic
which broke off in the
Tom Civil War
. It is a unitary parliamentary republic. the current leader is
Cowboy Luigi
.
History
[
]
Originally in the earlier era of the history of Talking Tom civilization, it was more unified than humanity is right now but still fragmented, there were around 15-20 large countries in
The true host
. The earliest true ancestor of Tom Republic was the Ciedujrcfyh Empire, a very large country (in fact the largest country at the time) that formed around 4000
OYC
, through a merger of 3 countries, located somewhat close to the fringe of The true host and the wall of fire. During the very long and destructive
Brown Plague
in the 55th century
OYC
, the Ciedujrcfyh Empire tried to take advantage of the instability and started invading other countries when they were collapsing. The Ciedujrcfyh Empire was also the one to first develop
Thomas Engine Tanks
which gave them a big advantage in war. Eventually, after centuries of constant warfare and mandatory military conscription, the Ciedujrcfyh Empire had almost all of the True host under their control and renamed themselves in 5074 OYC to the
Tom Empire
to signify that they are the one true heir of Talking Tom civilization.
Eventually around the 5200s OYC the people were tired of hard authoritarian rule of the Tom Empire and mass protests and riots started, which later escalated into the
Tom Civil War
starting at 5270 OYC, which involved the secession of the West Tom Republic (a region in the northwest which was the hotspot of democratic rebels) from the Tom Empire. The Tom Emperor, at the time,
Tom Uihovg
was willing to negotiate with WTR rebels and had immediately called to democratize this country to transition it to parliamentary republic wishing to stop the intense bloodshed of the war. However since this transition was a very slow the West Tom Republic still refused to break away and, after 60 OYC passing and more than 90 million Talking Tom soldiers killed (making the Tom Civil War the deadliest conflict in Talking Tom history),  the WTR prevailed in the Tom Civil War in 5330 OYC, getting its independence. The Tom Republic had ended its democratization process by around this time. However, the Tom Republic is still often considered as only a semi-democratic state due to the persisting legacy of the original imperial administration as the dominant party, often winning elections for decades at a time. The situation in there can be compared to
Singapore
.