Toxicuandaic slurry
This is a bowl of toxicuandaic slurry
Chemical
Phase (Room temp.)
liquid
Synthetically Created?
yes
Appearance
Color / Patterns
green
Opacity
100
Properties
Uses
Poison
Conductivity
No
Radioactive?
No
Density
6 gm per cm
Toxicuandaic slurry
is an acid made out of
toxicium
and
cuandaic acid
. It turns into into a blue solid at -10,000°C and a turquoise gas at 999,238°C. It is most commonly found in a green liquid state in many verses and is the most common state of this element. It's chemical formula is
Cn
9
+
S
6
Tx
13
N
4
hE
C
8
HO
3
{\displaystyle {\ce {Cn9+S6Tx13N^{hE}4C8HO3}}}
. Because it's composed of toxicium, it can dissolve or corrode almost any normal type of matter. It is normally used as a poison and is not edible but if you add
Cheerios®
, it reacts with the iron to form a green mixture like the image on the right.
Uses
[
]
Probable structure of Toxicuandaic slurry
This form is edible but if you eat more than 7 kg of this compound, your brain will dissolve and you will turn into toxicium vapor. People most commonly combine it with
xenum
to make a drink that tastes like chocolate with green lead paint in it with strong long-lasting euphoric effects and no withdrawal symptoms. It's street name is simply TCX or "Tranq" and its chemical formula is unknown because of it's toxicity in high quantities.
Most life in
universes
is actually based on toxicuandaic slurry as a solvent, but it is toxic to everything in high concentrations so life based on toxicuandaic slurry is stuck being bacteria or less.
This compound was discovered by
metasaungian
chemist 1759,082 NGTH 4 in 30,291
OYC
. He noticed that drug dealers were selling a strange green liquid from the planet
Toxi
. So he bought some and investigated it and found this out. He also found out this compound is the one of the few things a
sentient substance
eats although it is called "nenx" by the ones that can write.
This substance can destroy
concept eaters
because of it's toxicity.
Some militaries are using a compound involving a benzene ring and other mysterious compounds/elements that when sniffed/drunk turns into toxicuandaic slurry inside cells and causes fatal brainstem haemorrhage and necrosis suddenly usually after 10 seconds due to extreme overdose of the compound. It then dissolves the whole body in 1 minute after that.
How it works
[
]
If you are a nerd, read this: the compound interacts with CB1 receptors in the ventral tegmental area of the midbrain. They stay connected for a long time which induces the euphoric effect and TCX suppresses the nucleus accumbens and striatum which prevents them from receiving excitatory messages from the basolateral amygdala, hippocampus and medial prefrontal cortex which triggers withdrawal symptoms. This compound also binds to  plasmacytoid dendritic cells which amplifies their ability to search and destroy autoimmune cells and makes the immune system work better against the flu. It also slightly motivates alveolar macrophages so they are better at defending the lungs. It also seems to make the thymus work better and even grow.
If you aren't a nerd, read this: compound make you happy and make immune system better.
Any dose over 500ml can cause TCX overdose. Hallucinations, bloodshot eyes, mania, jaundice, organ failure, cirrhosis, cytokine storms and seizures are the symptoms of TCX overdose. TCX overdose is an extreme emergency  and results in death are a 20 seconds after intoxication (amount of time varies with amount taken in). There is an antidote but it has to be administered quickly due to the fast progression of death.