Transcendent universe
Concept of the place.
Size
Size
10^^^Ω times the size of an average
continent of Eternal
.
Dimensionality
Unknown
Position
Contained by
Transcendent multiverses
.
Contains
Continents of Eternal
and a lot of smaller irrelevant verses.
The
Transcendent Universe
is the first verse of the
Ingenti class
AKA the
19th class
.
It looks very similar to our
universe
, with
much
higher detail. The core of this place consists of a huge star, the
Transcendium
(discussed further down). Its heat depends on the distance from the core: The most distant parts have the lowest temperatures, and viceversa.
A lot of things about the Transcendent universe remain unknown, because its size makes it too hard to explore fully to collect information. However, we do know some details about the Transcendium.
Also, the picture isn't 100% accurate and is only a concept. In reality, this verse could have different colors or shapes.
Transcendium
[
]
Transcendium
Size
Size
10^50 times smaller than the Transcendent universe.
Dimensionality
Unknown, but same as the Transcendent universe.
Position
Contained by
Transcendent universes
Contains
Nothing has been recorded to be inside the Transcendium except the materials that form it.
The Transcendium is the core of the Transcendent universe, and it has the appearance of a green star. It has an incalculable temperature, estimated to be around
I.I.N
(Incalculable infinite number) C° (∞^^Ω).
(Note: This Transcendium and
the other Transcendium
are not the same thing)
Its massive temperature is the reason that the star can heat the whole Transcendent universe. This also means that almost nothing can be created near the Transcendium, making it a very dangerous area. No universe has been recorded to survive near the place, because if anyone got close in order to investigate they would die from the heat.
The Transcendium's image is confirmed to be the actual one, unlike the Transcendent universe's picture.
Read infobox to have more information about this Star.