Triaverse
This image is taken by a passing ship
Scale
Kardashev Scale
Level 5 on the scale
EUSI
???
Finality Index
????
Heathrow Scale
what
Properties
Tempature
unknown
Class
Medium
Life Percentage
2000%
Age
69 septillion years
Is Unstable
yes/no
Position
Contained By
The box
Contains
Metaverses, Hyperverses and Megaverses
History
[
]
The beta version of the Triaverse
The second beta of the triaverse
This universe was formed from computer generated system and after a few years this universe was made/discovered. This universe has beta editions, the editions will be listed below. After the universe formation in its first edition, they added a 65-gigabyte's storage. Now it's capable of holding
Metaverses
and it looks nothing like it used to look, like it's brownish/orangish and a hint of white inside it. In its second version of its beta was given 2-gigabytes and given coded in ships, its color did change to a pinkish and yellowish and was put in a cluster of multiverses. The last beta, beta 3 The update included a 789-gigabyte storage now it can hold millions of
Hyperverses
, and now the project is completed.
Info
[
]
The Triaverse from the outside looks like a normal universe but when inside you can see metaverses and Hyperverses this isn't a normal universe it's a Hyper Metaverse. This universe is sometimes very unstable because of the core (there's no image available of it) the core controls the Triaverse and everything in it once it's down (because of the storage being full) it starts deleting Metaverses and Hyperverses. Once it's fixed, it stops deleting universes and goes back to normal. There's also a wide abundance of entities here like
Chaos Entities
, and
Carnotaurus
there are millions of more Entities, but here's too much here to list. There has been calculated planets that could plague the milky way there's at least 1000⁹⁸⁷⁴² septillion discovered planets in a decade that's a lot of life then that leads us to another topic.
Life
[
]
As we discussed, this universe is a type 5 on the Kardashev scale. So this universe sometimes can be seen with ships flying around with Robots guiding the ship and people on board.