you have unfinished business to do Ultimatæum
—
Jerald
Ultimatæum The Supremaus Aeternum
Ultimate God! Transcendent Almighty God, arise to rekindle the light of legend! Let your name be known throughout the allsphere!
Rules over
Hierarchy Hierarchy
Age
Truly Eternal(?)
Size
Outside of The Allsphere
Knowledge
Transcend this concept infinitely
Power
What a scale you have as a being outside the movement of power itself!
Goals
????????
Species
outside units of everything
UTSA is a being outside of the very bounds of
Reality
, beyond boundlessness itself, no being outside of Reality would ever follow the rules of power, omnipotence, logic, and even boundlessness since those are driving forces of the allsphere and UTSA is beyond all of them.
The Story of The Ultimate God:
[
]
Beginning: Absolutely Before The Allsphere,
Jerald
Thinked The First Thought, and That Thought Formed into something, Jerald then refined it and gave it "something" THIS thing/thought became THE ULTIMATÆUM THE SUPREMAUS AETERNUM, and UTSA formed the allsphere which was the first thing he did, This "Time" Frame was technically a ANB Start (absolutely no beginning)
Cosmic Entity Hierarchy: as ???? DYC ago he has seen multiple beings without form or substance, so he decided to give them form
Abilities (simplified to a insane degree):
[
]
Eldritch Defiance: UTSA'S mind defenses are so Untouchable and ineffable that even
The Dark One
and other
sillimar beings
of cosmic horror failed to even grasp it.
TRANSCENDANCE over allspherical graphs: Managed to annoy UTSA?, he Transcends that and removes your entire existence, concept, history from all layers of the allsphere and the indefinite amount of the timelines of the allsphere trees that reside in the allsphere
Not Bound by size: Is your dragon demon angel war triple dual mech the size of multiple multiverses? It's small, UTSA is infinite, truly infinite, he is outside of
everything
Number's Insanity: Think you're confident of your numbers, UTSA says "no" and launches a uncountable amount of infinite black hole missiles at you, locks on to any target no matter the verse or how complex it is
Omnipotence Paradox Transcendance: Thing you can trick him with some paradox? UTSA never falls for that, he is beyond logic
Lol: UTSA doesn’t need to make sense because he operates on a level of reality(which is transcendent over all other ones and itself) where conventional rules and logic are completely irrelevant and they break down.