Ultraviolet Ring
Scale
Size
א
X-Ring
Dimensionality
X-Ring
dimensionality + 1
Kardashev Scale
Ultraviolet (actually 4)
Heathrow Scale
632.57 duoquadragintillion
Properties
Life Percentage
8.575 quintillion%
Is Unstable
Extremely unstable
Position
Contained By
Light Ring
Contains
X-Ring
The
Ultraviolet Ring
is the 15th ring in the Ring Series. It is run by the Ultraviolet Ring Sovereignty. It is a known member of the
Federation of Rings
.
The Ultraviolet Ring does have a taste and smell, but it fluctuates approximately every 18.6 seconds between something random. One minute, the Ultraviolet Ring will taste like potato chips and smell like plastic. The next, it will taste like avocados and smell like rubber.
The Ultraviolet Ring has the most powerful Guardian yet. The Guardian can never be pleased. It shows not even the smallest bit of mercy to anybody except its followers. It is very large compared to other Guardians, being the size of an entire
X-Ring
. The Ultraviolet Ring Sovereignty is very powerful, and worships the Guardian. They frequently assist it in times of battle.
This ring is extremely unstable, even more than the previous rings. Approximately every 1.5 days, 800 billion to 4.8 trillion X-Rings will be ejected. In the outer sections of the Ultraviolet Ring, these numbers increase to 240 trillion. to 1.4 quadrillion.
The Ultraviolet Ring has a special ability. Every 10 days, all of the
Gamma Rings
in contained inside of the X-Ring can be activated to simultaneously produce an extremely massive GRB (gamma-ray burst), powerful enough to wipe out X-Rings. This can be done without the consent of the inhabitants of the Gamma Rings, and poses no threat to the Gamma Rings themselves.
With the Ultraviolet Ring Sovereignty being a part of the Federation of Rings, the Ultraviolet Ring is frequently plunged into chaos and war due to constant battles against the Union of Rings (a union formed by Rings seeking to fight the Federation, consisting of all non-Federation Rings). They are fierce rivals of the
X-Ring
, as shown by their constant battles with each other.
Note:
Do not attempt to swim through the Ultraviolet Ring. Your eyes will fall out of their sockets. The reason why is because the Ultraviolet ring has Cyleinidesin, which can be swam, but at the cost of losing your eyes since it is corrosive, as my sister found out the hard way.
Tier One
The Existence
Time and reality
Time, Reality, and... The Other Thing
MORE
Bandiverse
Tier Two
Blue Ring
Red Ring
Green Ring
Yellow Ring
The Double Existence
Orange Ring
Purple Ring
Pink Ring
Brown Ring
Cyan Ring
White Ring
Tier Three
Grey Ring
Black Ring
Gamma Ring
X-Ring
Ultraviolet Ring
Light Ring
Infrared Ring
Microwave Ring
Radio Ring
Final Ring
The Triple Existence
Tier Four
The Quadruple Existence
Cceh
Kceh
The Big
Bignoseverse
DDonut
???
The Great Tesseractagonverse