UNI-2
UNI-2 and UNC-1
Natural Position
Contained by
Multiverse
Contains
Regular
Universe
stuff
Scale
Dimensionality
3+1
Diameter
145 billion ly
UNI-2 (aka Merkita) is a
Universe
that has very little voids and is besides our Universal Neighborhood, and it is in
LUG
. It is also the first Universe discovered by
Humans
that is beyond
Our Universe
and the second one being explored. It even has a
Unicosm
, namely
UNC-1
. Together with its Unicosm, they are part of an alliance called
LUA
. Its closest Universe is
UNI-55
, with a distance of 970 billion ly while it is 2.8 trillion ly away fron us.
Contents
1
Formation
2
Civilizations
3
Structures
4
UNC-1
Formation
[
]
It is, of course formed with a
Supernebula
that form UNI-2. Because its distance is close to Universal Neighborhood, it might also have been formed by Inertio Supernebula. The matter squished into a tiny point, until it exploded into a
Big Bang
98 billion yrs ago. The initial size is 79 billion ly. Since then, it expanded rapidly and reached the size of 798 billion ly after the first 10 million yrs. The bubble of space then cooled down to 10,000 K within 24 million yrs. 100 million years later, first
Galaxies
formed, then followed
Stars
,
Planets
, etc up to this day, just like ours. However, it also had lots of leftover matter to form at the time of formation. Hence, the remnants were also created a Unicosm close to its parent Universe. Strangely enough that
Civilizations
[
]
UNI-2 does have civilizations and it has a lot of them. Most common of these are at Kardashev scale 0.1 ~ 0.5. The most advanced one is at 3.9 (almost going to colonized their entire Universe, so, all the other civilizations are also joining this highly advanced civilization).
Structures
[
]
There are many structures throughout the entire Universe. It has got 8.3 million galactic structures, 6.2 trillion
galaxies
, 3 septillion
stars
, 30 septillion
planets
, 176 quintillion black holes and more.
UNC-1
[
]
UNC-1
Alliases
LUA
Status
47%
Size (diameter)
16.7 billion ly
Age
Same as its Universe
UNC-1 is a Unicosm very near UNI-2, so close it is 81 billion ly away from Merkita (UNI-2). It is very small as small as 17 billion ly, having a little number of voids (just like its parent Universe). But its instability makes itself so unstable that it might have an event when both UNI-2 & UNC-1 are to collide each other. This could take for millions or even thousands of years.
However  many highly advanced civilizations here are currently helping the Unicosm not to collide with UNI-2 and even all of the civilizations in that Universe are doing the same thing. The actual problem why this this Unicosm and the universe are about to collide is not only because of its instability but also the strong gravity of Merkita. So both of these problems must have to be fixed with the civilizations they both have.
And it is not just this Unicosm, the close universe UNI-55 is also having this problem but since it is larger, and is much further than UNC-1, it may not have that much concerning problem.