UNI-P1 was a
universe
that had only existed for 13 years, and it was at its largest 25 billion lightyears in size. During this time, it was the closest universe to our own, at 50 billion lightyears away. This was actually very bad, as it would collide with our Universe while it was expanding, sending it through a catastrophic collision course and ending the entire Universal Neighborhood. Therefore, the
Local Universal Alliance
made it its top priority to destroy this universe before it expanded too much.
Naming System
[
]
UNI-P1 was called this because it followed another naming system for universes, the provisional system, used for universes that weren't expected to live very long. This was the first one of its sort.
History
[
]
UNI-P1's story starts in 2982, when the universe detection satellites (curtesy of the
Tuhis
) detected a high concentration of matter in the remnants of the Inertio Supernebula, which could originate a big bang. The local civilisations didn't worry all that much.
In 2989, the universe had its Big Bang. A Yusion scientist (
UNI-3
) decided to calculate what would happen if the universe kept expanding, and saw that it would collide with our universe, destabilizing it and making it collide with most of the other universes in the Greater Universal Neighborhood, which would be almost destroyed. This was what made the local civilizations worry a lot, and it became the Local Universal Alliance's top priority to destroy this universe. Project S.P.U.D.S. (Solemnly Preventing Universal Decimation Somewhat) had begun. This was also when it gained the name UNI-P1.
Project S.P.U.D.S.
[
]
Project S.P.U.D.S. was in planning for 5 years while UNI-P1 was expanding. The Local Universal Alliance needed to find a way to destroy a universe, but they were mainly a peaceseeking alliance, so they never made any technology similar to that. The Alliance invested 4.4 quintillion dollars into developing the destructive technologies, and they found that the best course of action was using cryolasers (Lasers with temperature lower than 0K, having negative energy) to cool down and freeze UNI-P1. Then, since it was not expanding anymore, it would simply dissipate and disappear. They mounted trillions of laser satellites facing the universe, and made sure to upgrade them with multiversal drones to speed up the cooling as fast as possible. For 5 more years, UNI-P1 was slowing down its expansion because of the lasers, and eventually it started dissipating until all of its matter was returned to the supernebula remnants once more.