Vacuumverse
Due to its constant law and size defying properties, this image of the Vacuumverse is outdated.
Dimensionality
All Dimensions
Size
Extends It's size
Location and where it is
Containing
All verses that contain
Black Holes
, largest ones being
Pageverses
Contained by
Wikiverses
above due to their fiction trascendence.
The
Vacuumverse
is a
verse
shaped like a cosmic sized vacuum cleaner, that contains everything that contains
black holes
, or everything that contains something that contains black holes, its only restriction being structures of
wikiversal
level above, meaning it contains universes and every verse that contains universes that do not transcend fiction.
Why it can't be contained
[
]
The reason why it can't be contained by pre-
Meta Hierarchy
verses is because if there would be a verse that would contain the Vacuumverse, then that verse would contain black holes, meaning that the Vacuumverse already contains it because the Vacuumverse contains every thing that contains black holes, which makes it a paradox, so there can't be anything that can contain it, if anything pre-fiction trascendence says that it contains the Vacuumverse, then instead of the Vacuumverse containing the verse that is said to contain the Vauum Verse, then it would be contained by the Vacuumverse. Not even thinsg like the
Outsides
can contain this verse, and this means anything that contains an Outside is ALSO contained by this verse. By that means, it also contains structures like
Drums
, meaning everything that contains that, is contained by this verse. The verse itself may be the largest pre-Wikiverse verse ever, since only fiction trascending properties can break its logic, so nothing below that can contain this verse.
But then what verses are not contained by the Vacuumverse? Well verses that don't contain anything or the ones that don't contain have any black holes. For example
the Mango
is not contained by the Vacuumverse, since it only contains verses that do not contain black holes, being the opposite of the Vacuumverse, it is not clear if the Mango or the Vacuumverse is larger
Size
[
]
The size is always extending by every black hole being born, or by black holes vacuuming stuff in. The size will be always mostly close to the largest verse that contains black holes.