Virvis
[
]
Virvis
One of the 4 entry points.
Scale
Size
F☼ x
BS
EUSI
No
Finality Index
No
FOEI
No
Dimensionality
Beyond dimensionality
Kardashev Scale
Civilizations cannot be formed
Properties
Temperature
no
Class
22
Life Percentage
<1%
Shape
Beyond shapes
Density (Void Percentage)
No
Position
Contained by:
Binvis
,
greater / true godity spaces
Contains:
BS
Virvis is the lowest form of complex space. From the verse
Basic Space
, there are just 4 entry points to virvis.
They are more chaotic and disordered than anything coming from below, and vastly less chaotic than the verse itself. All this verse is is pure disarray.
Despite there being a lot of life here, no organizations have ever been formed or can be formed. Matter is constantly changed, destroyed, and created, with verses and their connections shuffling swiftly and randomly. Nothing is static, nothing is eternal, nothing is temporary.
There are many powerful entities here, called Virvians, who exist omnipresently and monopresently simultaneously. They do not have free will in any form, and are controlled by the environment around them. This causes them to warp everything around them in confusing ways, disarranging any and all structures in their surroundings, which, due to being post-BS, exist not monopresently but not omnipresently, existing in seemingly random places around the verse.
Once one has entered virvis through one of its entry points, they
cannot leave
without a device or help from an outside entity, such as
MIPS
. Said device has only one instance in existence, and its position is constantly changing, though it doesn't really have a real position. It, in fact, rarely even exists. Only one person has escaped virvis using this device, the other 236 - 249 getting help.
Unfortunately for everyone existing within it, the only way to exit the realm of basic space is to enter virvis, which is why most decide to stay in. Life can hardly even exist within virvis, because everything is getting contorted, stretched, deconstructed, etc. Due to being a form of complex space, there are no physics here, and not really any space. There is no way to navigate this weird place, due to being dynamic in the weirdest ways possible.There is no center, no edge, no in betweens.
All one can feel in virvis is pain, confusion, dread, and paranoia. Things are affected by everything and nothing in purely random ways. Everything exists infinitely throughout the verse due to its immense scale. Verses can form within virvis and get destroyed cataclysmically within an instant literally anywhere and anytime, which is a serious threat to everything due to the way space is warped... and it does happen. It is always happening. It always has been happening.
Time doesn't even make sense in virvis, it is similarly affected entirely randomly by something, everything, and nothing. Same as with consciousness, and everything else. The only thing persistent in this verse is its nonpersistence. WIP.