The Xanmeverses
[
]
Xanmeverse
Our local Xanmeverse.
Scale
Dimensions
Usually a
Mandelbrothverse
's dimensionality + 1
Size
Our local Xanmeverse is as big as 50
Mandelbrothverses
, but others can have their size varying from decillions of times bigger to just 2 Mandelbrothverses large.
Kardashev Scale
None
Location
Contained by
The Boxials
Contains
Virtual Omniverses
and
Mandelbrothverses
The
Xanmeverses
are gigantic types of
verses
where everything has different
laws
. The average temperature in them is so messed up it even ends up breaking our laws of physics, as it's around 0.1 degrees Kelvin. The virtual Omniverses
(you will read about what they are in the next section)
are connecting each
Mandelbrothverse
, and with those links you can recognize each Xanmeverse. So basically, its a group of Mandelbrothverses connected with virtual Omniverses.
In our Xanmeverse, the blue zones are usually the hottest, going to the 15 centillion degrees celsius range, and the coldest regions are the purple ones, reaching down to
−
273.14
+
10
−
22
{\displaystyle -273.14+10^{-22}}
degrees celsius. The purple light coming from it is the light emission from the multiples virtual Omniverses, approximately 36,968,547 on each connection, but it can be a lot more or a lot less. There is no border to any of these verses, but the more you go out, the more the time and the space perception decreases. If you are at least 3 times far of the Xanmeverses, there is no more space and time usually.
Virtual Omniverses
[
]
The virtual Omniverses are infinitely smaller than anything that
exists
, thus opposing the normal
Omniverses
. They are called virtual as it's the virtual particle that is creating the
virtual
chain
. They are located on Xanmeverses, because they are extremely non-existing (if your mind is breaking, it's normal) and make non-existing virtual
particles
that themselves make virtual Universes, continuing the chain, eventually making virtual Omniverses. Each virtual Omniverse contains the full virtual Archverses chain within them.