yay
yay
They are named the yayversians because they can only do things related to yay. They also come from the
yayverse
.
they are allied to the
Terabithians
but nobody else for some reason.
Yippeers or Yayversians
This is a picture of the Yayversians
wtf is this for
Name
Yippeers or Yayversians
Language
Yayippeeia
Age
125 Trillion
Home
Yayverse
Power
Immense
Conquered
multiple Omniplasms
Lifespan
5254761 years
Kardashev Scale
Waversplex Number
The Yayversians or Yippeers are a Ultra intelligent Ultra Powerful technologically advanced species which have a appearance of half red half blue stickmen but beware
THEIR MACHINES CAN DESTROY
TRUE FINAL BOXES!
and this means that the most powerful machine can control multiple Omniplasms at will
Ages
[
]
let's go over all their ages
Age 1000(the First Age): this was the first age of the yayversians, they were confused and scared about what to do, so they became exactly like minions, they kept looking for a leader.
Age 10,000(The Second Age): they started to get the hang of it and made anti gravity!!(Wow!) But they just used it for superbouncy castle which is epic(those still exist and are still popular to this day)
Age 100,000(The Sliver Age or 3rd): basically this age was when they conquered their first omniverse(WOW!!!!!!!!)
Age 1Mil(The Golden age or 4th age): this is the G o l d e n Age of Yayversians, it's where they managed to invent time travel and teleport magic.
Age 10 Mil to 1 Bil(The Ruby Age): the fifth age was a weird time for sure, some ¼ pink and ⅓ black and ½ brown yayversians came and they holded signs and shouted stuff as "RIGHT FOR OUR GAYIUS DINGALINIO!". It was found out that those yayversians aren't even yayversians at all they were a alien species who tried to took over the prime yayverse but the werid aliens got completely got annihilated by a yayverse baby who sneezed.
Age 1.1 Bil to 80 Tril(THE Diamond Age or 6th): this was the second best age that the yayversians had, they conquered their first. omniplasm and they invented so many magics and techonologies that the concept of issues didn't exist anymore
Age 100 Tril - 125 Tril - The Present Day(The Netherite Age): This Was The Seventh Age of The Yayversians, Fun fact this is their PRIME age like every yayversian was in their PRIME.