Yoctubial
The true end... ?
Scale
Size
true end and
H(-8.5)
Dimensionality
H(-8.5)
Kardashev Scale
H(-8.5)
Properties
Class
Low -2
Position
Contained by:
Zeptubials
Contains:
Nontubials
Yoctubials
are the smallest regions of
Nontubials
on scale, followed by
Zeptubials
. This region mostly consists of hyperzerons and simple bijective signs from around 100 trijective signs. They form the simplest designs of values, but with a limited quantity.
"Yoctubial is the one who is contained by all.
Yoctubial is the one who forms all.
Yoctubial's all...
Nothing is smaller than Yoctubial.
Yoctubial is in everything you love, everything you hate.
You can't escape the Yoctubial.
Yoctubial is in your blood, in your suffering, in your pain.
Yoctubial is Yoctubial.
Y O C T U B I A L"
-
C̹̒́ụ̸̈n̝̆͝t̢̗̀
that doesn't know what a
Nontubial
is.
Nontubodynamics
[
]
Because polar centers are 90% abundant here, not much activity happens there. There is an activity which one traverses through voids for sequence preservation, as voids are abstractly small. Topology also alters at this scale, but known to have a small, looped dimension with couple polar centers. The sequence immensely distorts elsewhere, due to low polar centers.
These polar centers don't connect to standard mathematics, as they don't match at all due to mostly signless. These regions work differently anywhere, which signs here actually don't contribute to subtruth predicates. These values can be classified as high level in nullologist mathematics.
Keyogenesis
[
]
Keyogenesis is one study focusing on Yoctubial, which searches on simplest sequence of trijective signs for efficient bijective signs. These signs cancel out, but would break rarely for really long sequences. The purpose of trijective signs for combinatorics are unknown.
One study discovered bijective signs for small values, formed in a sequence of 11 trijective signs.
+, -, +, +, 0, -, 0, +, -, -, 0
Their purposes are unknown, but are observed to handle abstraction matrices. Injecting it with a plain zero will result in the simpliest form of hyperzeroes. Some reported there's infinity in this sequence, but unconfirmed due to low quantity.