author note: old page, I replaced this with
Talking Tom
Z
Rules over
The true host
Age
95
Size
Beyond mathematics
Power
Cloning is his only ability. Is in indirect control of everything hosted on
The Virtual Box
software including
The Virtual Machine
and all of
The Meta-Hierarchy
inside it.
Goals
Keep
letters
in power of
The true host
.
A digital clone of Z that was created in 1952.
Z
(born 7 October 1925) is a conservative
letter
and
The true host
politician who has served as the president of
The true host
since 1995. He took over as the leader of the letters shortly after the end of the
True Host Cold War
where
letters
fully consolidated control of
The true host
(aside from
The rump
). Z also finances the letter oligarch
S
which is the CEO of
Obstacle Corp
and is in control of
The Virtual Box
software.
Z was born in 1925 by the asexual reproduction of
ז
into Z and ζ (not to be confused with
ζ
particles). He came to lead the letter army in the year 1950 when his predecessor
Y
was becoming old and the war was turning against the letters. There was almost no one who was a fit successor to Y, Z was less then ideal considering he was 25 at that time (in human aging terms this is about 19-20) but he had shown promising military skills and letters believed he was better then the alternatives. Under Z's leadership, The true host has been united under one authoritarian speciesist goverment which performs the extermnation of remaining non-
letter
entities. These moves have proved very popular amongst letters, who regard Z as a war hero and there is no letters attempting to overthrow him because everyone is happy with his rule, there are only oligarchs which are still subservient to him.
Clones
[
]
Z has been creating backup clones of himself every few yoctoseconds since the start of the war. This was to protect himself in case he died in the war and restart the war effort.  All clones share the same political alignment as Z. Digital clones are simulated and can be any species and in any simulation (including our
The Virtual Machine
and even our
universe
) but they will still preserve Z's political views in some way. Non-digital clones are always letters and are either diacritic marks of Z or the make the same sound as Z. However, in 2001 the clones was deemed unnecessary since the war had been over for a few years and he was now in solid control.  The last clone of Z ever made was a digital clone uploaded to our
The Virtual Machine
known as
Spyonclear
. The clones can still clone themselves to make clones of clones of Z after 2001, but this is going on at a very very slow rate of one clone per every few years because no one thinks the cloning is necessary now. Even if they wanted to clone, most of the digital ones are far too technologically primitive to do cloning like the original Z, and some of the non-digital ones are too poor to afford Letter cloning facilities.
It is estimated that 5% of all entities inside the The true host and it's various simulations like all nestings of
The Virtual Machine
are clones of Z, however this percentage has been slowly dropping since 2001. Random people and aliens everywhere in the Meta-Hierarchy class system are clones of Z. There is even digital clones of Z in Earth, the Windows Never Released community is a hotbed for them, it is estimated that 99% of that community which was born in 2001 or earlier is just clones of Z. a large minority of right-wing politicans are clones of Z, some entities like
Dave
are clones of Z, even
Z from Beyond Universe Wiki
is also a clone of Z. You could be Z for all you know depending on your political views and your birth date.