Absolute Frame, The Absolute Frame, The Frame
Scale
Size
3.2 curgers
EUSI
no
Finality Index
no
FOEI
no
Dimensionality
no
Kardashev Scale
no
Properties
Temperature
no
Class
Meta-Class 13 (Yummy Structures)
Life Percentage
0.05%
Shape
a donut
Density (Void Percentage)
no
Position
Contained by:
concept eater
Contains:
The B.E.Y.O.N.D
The
Absolute Frame
is the complete frame of all verses and post-verse versoids, as well as pre-verse objects and "objects". Every page has its own frame, and together these pages have frame connections, which are basically subframes that connect frames to other frames. These can come in the form of links, references, and redirects.
List pages, such as hierarchies, allow for mass frame connection creation, making the Absolute Frame closer to completion. However, the creation of the absolute frame would require for every possible page to exist on every possible wiki, and every possible frame connection must be created as well.
[
1
]
Due to the fact this is impossible, the absolute frame cannot exist. This also means the absolute frame contains itself endlessly, much like other verses such as the
Meta-Box
. But because larger verses do and must exist, the absolute frame therefore does exist in the same continuity (AD "canon"; ADFC) as larger verses, which themselves both compose the frame and exist beyond it.
The creation of other pages would not change the size of the absolute frame because it has already been completed. No images currently exist of the absolute frame due to the current impossibility of capturing it in a photo.
Idea by
Dadutchboy2
, page by
3zingus3
↑
this means theoretically hyperpossible, not just possible. (superpossibility = possibility and impossibility as a binary state and then every other numerical value as a state, including imaginary numbers, unknown numbers, post mathematical numbers, post quantative numbers, and truly imaginative numbers (non mathematical numbers), as well as amounts which do not have a true value, and also ranges)

hyperpossibility is just the greatest superpossible extension of superpossibility, nested ω+1 times.