Look into existence and what do you see? Infinity does not even represent 1% of existence. You have to go beyond the limits of such numbers.
—
Apeirogon-infinity
A apeirogon is a shape with a boundless amount of infinite sides
APEIROGON OF INFINITY
You have to explore more. Is what you are really seeing the reality? Or is it something else, something beyond? So stop looking at the finite and look at the infinite!
Scale
Size
"Unscalable, irrelevant, beyond this, beyond scale" ↑↑↑↑↑(endless ↑s) ʍ×ℵ∞^ש^ʍ
EUSI
"Unscalable, irrelevant, beyond this, beyond scale" ↑↑↑↑↑(endless ↑s) ʍ×ℵ∞^ש^ʍ
Finality Index
"Unscalable, irrelevant, beyond this, beyond scale" ↑↑↑↑↑(endless ↑s) ʍ×ℵ∞^ש^ʍ
FOEI
"Unscalable, irrelevant, beyond this, beyond scale" ↑↑↑↑↑(endless ↑s) ʍ×ℵ∞^ש^ʍ
Dimensionality
"Unscalable, irrelevant, beyond this, beyond scale" ↑↑↑↑↑(endless ↑s) ʍ×ℵ∞^ש^ʍ
Kardashev Scale
"Unscalable, irrelevant, beyond this, beyond scale" ↑↑↑↑↑(endless ↑s) ʍ×ℵ∞^ש^ʍ
Properties
Temperature
-ʍ^ש to +ש^ʍ
Class
"Unscalable, irrelevant, beyond this, beyond scale" ↑↑↑↑↑(endless ↑s) ʍ×ℵ∞^ש^ʍ
Life Percentage
35172%
Shape
A Unfixed Point, "The infinite has no form, form is finite"
Density (Void Percentage)
"Unscalable, irrelevant, beyond this, beyond scale" ↑↑↑↑↑(endless ↑s) ʍ×ℵ∞^ש^ʍ
Position
Contained by:
Nihilum
Contains:
A Innumerable Unquantifiable Amount of "Allsphere Fractals"(innumerable unquantifiable amount of allspheres in one fractal)
apeirogon"Why do we seek to understand that which lies beyond understanding? Does such a pursuit not unravel the very essence of existence itself? And yet, what we perceive—this world, this reality—is but a fragment, a mere reflection of something infinitely greater, something so vast and intricate that our language, our thoughts, and even our very being fall short of grasping it.Beyond form, beyond substance, beyond the very foundation of existence itself, lies not a void, not an abyss, but something far deeper—a boundless expanse where even infinity fades into insignificance. What we call reality is but a veil, a surface upon which fleeting echoes of something eternal are cast.Even the mightiest beings, the most transcendent forces, cannot truly comprehend what stretches beyond immeasurable infinity, beyond unstoppable and unknowable vastness. Why, then, do we persist in our search? Is it not because we sense that we are but fragments of something far greater, something that surpasses even the cosmos itself?It has always been so. And if this is the fundamental nature of all things, why would it ever change?"
Apeirogon-infinity is the end of all endings of all endings and that's absolute, anything beyond this would be smaller than this, "it is all and by that it is everything"(end all be all objects) hold no worth to the Apeirogon-infinity's absolutely unscale-able scales,
Let's make something called a super framework which contains a infinite amount of, philosophical, logical, illogical, possible, impossible, mathematical, endless, end-able, meta-physical, ontological, cosmological, meta-logical,
frameworks of sets of everything,
and Apeirogon-infinity contains a Innumerable Unquantifiable unscale-able, Inaccessibly infinite amount of these super frameworks and definitions, meanings, really the concept of concepts of these super frameworks aren't even a true nothing to the Apeirogon-infinity, no amount of infinite realities, dimensions, existence, worlds, wikis, indefinite integrals, parts, definitions, meanings, and no amount of everythingness can even describe The Apeirogon-infinity. It's beyond understanding, and it's also beyond what's beyond our understanding a indefinite amount of times
Apeirogon-infinity has an
avatar
which is technically the Embodiment of all imagination and that imagination embodiment is a avatar of Apeirogon-infinity, the avatar is called
THE
IN-BETWEENER