Chochachfchfchy
a Cheesefolk greeting you!
Colloquial Name
Cheeseville
Lasted Until
Today and hopefully far longer
Conquered by
none thank GOODNESS
Peak
today at roughly 150k stars
Chochachfchfchy
, or the Many, many
cheeselets
as translated from
Chochachw
, is an empire spanning a few stars at about 150 thousand of the stars in their local galaxy. What makes it interesting is that it developed in a
Cheeseverse
not far from the standard
Universe
, only a few
Gigaverses
away. They seem very complex for what normally develops in a Cheeseverse, and due to their origin, they may be the only sapient cheese-beings in the
Udekaverse
. Due to this factor, they seem very passive and have not even gotten past basic plasma weapons in war technology despite their standing.
Aside from their dairy origins, they are still oddly benevolent for anything that exists. No problems with each other individually, their history shows that unless separated, they've always been one nation, and the only records of violence is when they decide to eat cheese-meat. They're alive because they were once alone, and many inter-universal nations have decided to guard the Cheeselets and their natural kindness.
Along with their general personality of these lovely little guys, their biology is also rather interesting. When uncheesed, their genetics seem to be most close to the arthropods of their planet, the only difference being lungs as opposed to skin-breathing like the others. They even have large, compound eyes, and from their standpoint, can even de-compound them if wanted, and very sturdy shells that are impervious to anything softer than a rock, or cheese-rock in their case. Their vocal chords also don't seem to exist, which stumps scientists to this day on how they talk. Some say it's a type of telekinesis that has the same physical laws as a sound wave, but we would never know. If they had standard vocal chords, their language would take far too long to speak, mostly due to agglutination.
Within the nation itself, however, is an impressive gathering of ships, structures, and generally new and advanced technologies, especially for their size at sub-galactic in borders and influence. To go along with this they are currently developing a writing system for communication at the largest of large.
Chylifchafguth
[
]
Also known as "The Dorito" colloquially by interversal English speakers, the Chylifchafguth model spaceship is very fast and efficient for its fuel, having a simplistic shape which is spacious, wingless, and aerodynamic. it is 1000 sq. meters standard, although they can be bought in reduced forms down to 1/10 the size for lighter loads or small party travel, with the same scale upwards.