This page was edited (and more or less overhauled) by
Someone Who Owns a Fish
. The original page was made by
Notysun
, and more info can be seen
here
. Don’t like my edit? Go to History -> Undo Edit.
Not to be confused with the other
Conceptual Gate
.
“Nonconceptual objects are those objects that have null properties. They don't have a concept, they don't. Logic disappears. The conceptual is contained in nothing. It has such a rank to contain everything nonconceptual but contained in nothing. (???)” -taken from Hyperdimension page
Conceptual Gate
Scale
Size
H(-9)
EUSI
Who knows
FOEI
0
Dimensionality
Who knows
Properties
Shape
Gate-shaped (unconfirmed)
Density (Void Percentage)
100% void, full of nonconceptual things
Position
Contained by:
Conceptual black holes
Contains:
Non-Conceptual things, eg.
H(-9)
A
conceptual Gate
is a gate that doesn’t ‘contain’ anything, but they're the… well… gate to every non-conceptual object that is in the Hyperdimension
H(-9)
(non-conceptual). They really are just a gate, so they dont really contain anything, but for simplicity’s sake we will pretend they do.
Alphasms
themselves controls these gates and whatever is ‘inside’ them. All of these items are locked behind them with a
key
, and only the Alphasms can possess them, since the gate are bounded to their souls, and if many of these gates were to be opened, all the nonconceptual items would spill into the conceptual, causing chaos everywhere. Due to the gate being bound to the soul, there have been reports of Alphasms being angered and the gates subsequently opening.
So what is a nonconceptual object? It is, as you may have guessed, an object without a concept. This is when there is a shell, but there is no conceptuality. they have null properties. Even less than null propeties, in fact. They somehow exist without a concept. It is difficult to explain.
Like the nonconceptual objects themselves, the gates have True Null size, meaning that they're smaller than
nothing
. They're literally less than existence. Even if the amount of gates is limited on each Alphsm, just like God (if you believe in him) they're everywhere at once, and the nonconceptual spaces are actually infinite to fill entire
First Realms
. However, they're unmeasurable, undefinable, and only celestial entities know of their existence.