Coververse
Scale
Size
Varies
Dimensionality
Varies
Properties
Temperature
Varies
Life Percentage
Depends on what verse's contents they absorbed
Shape
Usually spherical, can be any shape
Position
Contained by:
Varies
Contains:
Contents of other verses
A
Coververse
is a parasite-like verse
which covers a verse and slowly starts absorbing the verse's contents
.
Coververses are usually
white, blue, green, or purple-colored, although they can sometimes have a color in the infrared spectrum
.
Coververses will
randomly travel through space
and if they come across anything, they will begin enveloping it. After the Coververse has fully covered the thing, they will start pulling apart and absorbing the thing, soon consuming it entirely. After this process is done, they will start traveling in a random direction until they hit another thing to consume.
Rarely, Coververses
have merged with the object that they are consuming
, making everything inside the Coververse go into the object and also making the object slightly bigger.
Coververses have covered
Anchorverses
before, rendering them stuck due to how Anchorverses cannot move.
If a Coververse somehow gets larger than its containing body, it will
violently burst open its container and cover the remaining pieces of it
.
Every time the Coververse gets 1.1x bigger, it will move
1.005x faster and absorb verses 1.05x quicker
. For reference, this means that every time it gets 2x bigger, it moves aprox. 1.037x faster and absorbs aprox. 1.426x faster.
Coververses are named
based on their diameter, color, and how many verses they have covered and absorbed
(e.g. 134LY-W-7 would be a white-colored Coververse 134 LY wide which has absorbed 7 verses).
Coververses have been responsible for the creation of many different verses, such as the
Bounceverse
,
Smudgeverse
, and
Hardverse
.
Origin
[
]
The first Coververse was formed due to a
Cosmic Zaaaaaaaap
in 216
OYC
. Traces of Coververses have been found inside the first Coververse's remains which are scattered around the
Objectsverse
, making many creatures believe that the original Coververse lasted for a long time as future Coververses came over 492 OYC after the first Coververse's creation.