Before we start:
HE-82 scale
determines the lethality of a disease/virus/epidemic with 1 being barely noticeable and 13 being most lethal.
Bos22 @@ scale
measures the transmission rate of a virus/disease/epidemic with regards to how contagious it is and forms of transmission. 1 means almost no transmission and 10 means most contagious.
Dimensional effect
measures how much the virus is affecting dimensions, not just a specific one. 0 is none, 1 represents very minor effects and 10 represents major harm done to a wide range of dimensions.
Also, all dates and times mentioned should be measured in
OYC
. Thank you.
Contents
1
About
2
Symptoms
3
Strains
3.1
Strain E
3.2
Strain V
3.2.1
Symptoms:
3.3
Strain Q
3.4
Strain R
4
Prevention
5
The Great Dimensional COVID Prevention Meetup (TGDCPM)
About
[
]
Covid-20 observed in an idle state.
COVID-20 is a dimensional virus, though many do not realize. It is currently affecting at least 183,453 identified universes in each
xenoverse
. It is highly transmissible but not as lethal.
Symptoms
[
]
The symptoms of COVID-20 may affect all entities in existence. (Exceptions exist.)
General symptoms include:
Fever
Cough
Diarrhea ( if universes are affected they turn into
DIARRHEAverses
.)
Transportation to other universes is affected in this process.
In addition, the universe containing the virus may be destroyed if the virus is not eradicated. Time needed for this to happen ranges from 1-34 years. The universe will slowly shrink and grow weaker until all matter and space within is utterly annihilated.
The virus is not lethal to individual entities, but can vastly affect dimensions. The virus is spreading at a consistent rate in every verse, but may be able to mutate into new strains.
Covid-20 affecting the universe, observed through dimensional technology and the aid of dimensional entities.
Strains
[
]
Strain E
[
]
Description:
COVID-20 strain E is the primary and root dimensional type of the virus. The symptoms are listed above.
Lethality (HE-82 scale):
4 - Moderate
Transmission (Bos22 @@ scale):
6 - Significant
Universes Affected:
Est. 98,222
Dimensional effect:
3 - Notable
Strain V
[
]
Description:
COVID-20 strain V is a secondary form of the virus - symptoms and lethality are increased.
Symptoms:
[
]
In addition to the symptoms of strain E, strain V has a tendency to bend reality and create links between universes, causing mayhem by merging the verses. As a reality cannot handle such matter, this may lead to destruction of both universes.
Recorded universes suffering/which suffered from this effect:
(Psst! Edit this table and add more universes.)
Universe 1
Universe 2
Description of dimensional event
Date of initial event
U-!)9"!3]]/, located in M-22K
U-A82$@``, located in M-1&B
After covid-20 strain V infected the latter universe, The universes began to merge after 834 days since the beginning. After 23 days of chaos, the universes were obliterated.
9198 OYC
U-@3,<, located in M-46Q
U-###55%, located in M-()@
The former universe started suffering from extreme disruptions in the space-time continuum after infection. After 124 days, the universes merged. They did not even last longer than a second.
7892 OYC
U-P==O, located in M-X22kPpP=D
[removed]
Universe 1 began having multiple vacuum decay events resulting in its laws of physics changing over a few weeks, after 73 days, universe 1 and universe 2 merged, and they were both annihilated instantly, then reformed, then annihilated again forever. The second universe is unknown, and so are the events in between their destruction and the vacuum decays.
6399 OYC
U-222!, located in M-(#V
U-CT@ieD, located in M-39U
Mysteriously, several large glowing spheres manifested in space when the universes were merging, immediately after contracting Covid. They have been seen to shoot beams of light at entities, destroying the universe completely.
5712 OYC
U-46*@{, located in M-81C
U-%~/?, also located in M-81C
As the two universes shared the same multiversal space, the threat was multiplied. The two universes contracted covid at about similar points in time and lasted for 19 days before the merge. Strangely, the universes seemed to be absorbed directly into a 0-dimensional point after being ejected again 4 seconds later, both reduced to clouds of subquarkic 'building block' particles.
7312 OYC
U-PE#53, located in an external
metaverse
structure designated ME-!`%Jw
U-UeK:.>, a dimension with resemblance to multiverse but containing zero universes
This was the first ever occurence that involved two extraordinary and esoteric verses. As they were first discovered, it was predicted that an apocalyptic scenario would occur should both of them contract Covid. Indeed, the two verses merged 34 days after the former contracted Covid and the universes started to become supercharged till the point of destruction.
4154 OYC
unknown
U-UJJQ2, a lone universe floating around in a large structure created by a civilization decillions of OYC ago,
which was abandoned later.
It is the one universe left floating inside its many universe "cells", or, well, it was, until this happened.
This is one of the earlier times where universes were destroyed by COVID-20. Within 1 day Universe 1 began slowly gravitating towards universe 2 until suddenly they merged and destroyed their entire xenoverse.
-63,385 OYC
Lethality (HE-82 scale):
7 - Destructive
Transmission (Bos22 @@ scale):
6 - Significant
Universes Affected:
Est. 52,034
Dimensional effect:
5 - Dangerous
Strain Q
[
]
Description:
Strain Q of Covid-20 is an abnormal mutation of the virus. Instead of harming dimensions directly, Strain Q causes entities to slowly suffer from psychological issues increasing in effect. However, the effects do not affect more powerful entities.
Symptoms:
STAGE 1: 1-3 days after contraction
Reduced psychological health
Decrease in brain ability
STAGE 2: 12-31 days after contraction
Inability for brain to function (rarely)
Reasoning ability deteriorates
IQ drastically suffers
STAGE 3: 1-2 months after contraction
Increased risk of psychological and dimensional harm
Universe more prone to other strains of Covid
Death (rarely)
Memory loss
STAGE 4: ~3 months after contraction
Total memory failure
IQ decreases until almost none is observed
Insanity
Death (more common)
Reported sightings have shown entities with Stage 4 Covid-20 strain Q running wild within civilization and shouting. Via universal translation, the meanings of the shouted words form the sentence 'It is here! Our new king!'
STAGE 5: 3-8 months after contraction
Total brain failure and immediate death.
Lethality (HE-82 scale):
7 - Destructive
Transmission (Bos22 @@ scale):
6 - Significant
Universes Affected:
Est. 23,618
Dimensional effect:
2 - Mild
Strain R
[
]
Description:
Strain R is a highly destructive strain close to Strain Q, though symptoms are more delusional and paranoid than degenerative, often of religious nature. Most victims live to Stage 5, when their body suddenly distorts into an amorphous physically and physiologically impossible butterfly shape. The dead body "leeches" into its surrounding, mangling the space around it and blending reality and surreality. With enough cases, this effect spreads to the entire universe, its surreal nature applying to the laws of reality itself, making it exist in the same place as other universes, unbound by distance. This causes a rapid spread. The universe itself will still sustain its "existence" in some form but will be more chaotic than unstable universes seconds from collapse.
Thankfully transmission is sluggish and the stages progress much slower, allowing for more intervention, with the symptoms often only occurring in beings who have already caught another strain or who are immunocompromised. The virus itself is fragile and under harsh conditions will break down. As of 9201 OYC, only 17 universes have been confirmed to have cases, all of which have been quarantined with metaphysical barriers.
Lethality (HE-82 scale): 7
Transmission (Bos22 @@ scale): 2
Universes Affected: Est. 17
Dimensional effect: 10
Prevention
[
]
COVID-20 can be prevented via:
Safe distancing
Quarantine
Cleanliness
Wearing a mask/shield
avoidance of interaction with all external matter
usage of tissues to clean surfaces of objects
Avoidance of crowds of entities
avoidance of other viruses or diseases
Dimensional Barrier (DB) enforcement
refrain from interaction with other verses
Lots of
imagination
So far, none of the universes have been able to completely rid its inhabitant multiverse of Covid. However, the cases are starting to decrease.
The Great Dimensional COVID Prevention Meetup (TGDCPM)
[
]
TGDCPM
U-@744^%
Vital statistics
Participants
All dimensional entities
Date
TBC
Location
U-@774^%, located in M-YU7
The Great Dimensional COVID Prevention Meetup (TGDCPM) is a planned meeting by dimensional entities within the wiki. The date is to be confirmed, but the location will be U-@774^%. The reason why COVID-20 is unable to be immediately destroyed by these entities is attributed to the power of a Transcendent Omni-God that is fueling its power. However, investigation is still being conducted. Furthermore, the meeting takes place in a single dimension as the deities need to discuss in private and their communication must not be overheard. They will be utilizing their immense power to conceal themselves and discuss telepathically within the universe.
The meetup will discuss how to prevent COVID-20 within the All Dimensions Wiki and its fictitious verse. The meetup will not involve
Transcendent Omni-Gods
.
Participants of the meetup: All dimensional entities. Including:
Gerald
Alphasm
(The Absolute Creator)
Dunkey Kong.
Hyper Void Lord
NO
The Seeker
already terminated him. (Yes you are right)
Bongus
Chunky Cheese
Bean man
Hypreme Lord
Meeting Schedule
Time
Activity
7.00 am
Meetup event begins.
7.30 am
Meetup concerning more efficient and reliable ways to eliminate Covid-20.
8.30 am
Meetup concerning how dimensions are being affected and how to stop them.
9.30 am
Meetup concerning how dimensional entities affect Covid-20 or prevent it.
10.30 am
Covid-20 internal prevention scheme organisation.
11.15 am
Covid-20 internal prevention scheme setup.
12.00 am
Covid-20 internal prevention scheme finalization.
1.00 am
L0nch
2.00 am
Covid-20 dimensional prevention scheme organisation.
2.45 am
Covid-20 dimensional prevention scheme setup.
2.45 am
Covid-20 dimensional prevention scheme finalization.
3.30 am
End of event.
So far, no other information has been disclosed.