The
Cytocosm
is a perfect cube, occupying approximately 13,845
light years
in length, width, and height within an infinitely large, yet inaccessible 3D space (there is literally nothing outside of that range), and bounded by an
Absolute Boundary
. It contains billions of Marble Worlds, surrounding which is a substance known as Abyssal Fluid. Advanced enough life has been known to travel between different Marble Worlds.
Marble Worlds
[
]
Life in the Cytocosm is almost exclusively found within Marble Worlds, which are roughly sphere-shaped and divided into two halves by an approximately 50~100 km (31~62 mi) thick disc made of rock on the outside and magma on the inside. Their diameters range between 30,000 km (19,000 mi) and 60,000 km (37,000 mi). The two sides of a Marble World each have their own gravity, which pulls things towards the part of the "tectonic disc" on that side with a force of 0.8~1.1g. The outside of a Marble World does not have gravity at all. Both sides of every Marble World have life, though they vastly differ in terms of type and complexity. The closest Marble World to any other Marble World is usually around 10,000,000~30,000,000 km (6,000,000~19,000,000 mi) in distance.
Marble Worlds are bounded by two layers of protection, the Hard Membrane and the Soft Membrane. The Hard Membrane is the outer layer, and is completely black, though it does have holes of different sizes which let light from the Abyss through. The Hard Membrane rotates according to a complex pattern, though it is consistent. The Soft Membrane is the inner layer, having no holes and absorbing most UV light from the Abyss. It is transparent in all other light ranges. Both membranes are comprised of viscous liquid, though the Hard Membrane's liquid isn't any harder to pass through than the Soft Membrane's (the names come from the transparency levels).
Abyssal Fluid
[
]
The Abyssal Fluid permeates all parts of the Cytocosm not occupied by Marble Worlds. It is not made of atoms, instead being indefinitely divisible, no matter how small it is divided. It is transparent, but it emits an extremely small amount of light at all frequencies (though it drops off after ultraviolet and before infrared). Because of this, the more Abyssal Fluid there is in an area, the more light it appears to give off. It has a similar consistency to water.