Appearance
[
]
Exaships are very advanced ships used for moving through spaces that have lots of matter and materials in them at infinite speeds without suffering catastrophic damage and failure. Their exterior is coated with an array of detectors which can detect even the smallest fluctuations in the placement of
Blueprint Particles
, although some older models can only detect fluctuations in
Absolutely tiny strings
, making them more liable to damage. With the data recorded from the fluctuations, an image is peiced together with a computer that tells the driver where objects are along with their other characteristics such as color, heat, and size.
To get through the material, a machine is used at the front of the ship that generates a wormhole that connects to the back of the ship, where another wormhole is generated. Keeping wormholes open is expensive in terms of energy, so energy is harvested from the movement of the particles around the ship, allowing it to run this mechanism without fuel.
Exaships have a shape very close to a line, with them being only 100 meters in diameter, they are easy to break in half, but this never happens due to them never needing to turn because they can always go straight to their and straight through any obstructions. They use a modified Hyperthruster as an engine, they use a Hyperthruster because it converts matter directly into energy with the equation E=MC^2. But they Hyperthrusters no longer work because the laws of physics are varied and different at larger scales, making them fade into uselessness. But they are modified in a way that uses
Hypercompressed Universes
to modify the laws of physics inside of them, allowing for equations like E=MC^191 which led to these thrusters being used in Exaships.
Creation and Use
[
]
Exaships were created by a civilization in
The Sea
in order to travel around faster, it took the money of an entire
Reality Bubble
just to make, and allowed them to make the first ever communication with a different Reality Bubble. This interaction led to more until eventually several Reality bubbles were colonized by a single civilization.
Exaships were also used in attempts to explore the
Green Ring
,
Brown Ring
, and
Radio Ring
, all of which were sucessful, although the ships that went into the Brown Ring were eaten. Not much was discovered when the Green Ring was entered and the Radio Ring was sucessfully turned into a spacecraft by making the radio waves it recived launch it in the opposite direction.
Most Exaships are in the
Limit of Cardinals
, because they are the cheapest mode of transportation there, costing next to nothing for them to build and costing next to nothing to fuel, amounts of them that are larger than infinite being used are a common occurence here. They are also used here for detection of enemies and combat via intrusion into important parts of their enemy's body.