His Lock
Some random red lock that for some reason is His Lock.
Traits
Appearance
A red masterlock.
Related To
His Blue Lock
Strange Red Marker
Powers
Locks up whatever it is used on.
Size
A normal lock.
Story
Origin
Someone nicknamed as "Him," his story being unknown and the only remnants left behind is the His Lock.
Predecessor
His Blue Lock
Age
112 years old
Overview
[
]
His Lock is a powerful lock that disables anything a user wants for however long they want.
Purpose/Abilities
[
]
His Lock was invented by a person named "Him" around 112 years ago to counter-act against civilizations and certain threats towards his home planet, locking them in place forever. Some of these objects can actually be located (such as asteroids and a rouge black hole) fully stationary and locked in place, the force of the black hole being defied and being able to be passed through. These objects cannot be manipulated in their state either, however they still have their 'hitboxes.'
Locating this lock with special abilities is near impossible not because of things that hides its aura, but because it literally is a normal lock modified extremely. To find it, you have to literally locate it by hand. Only around 3 owners have been passed around, all of them being of the same family of an alien species.
Ability Usage
[
]
To be able to 'lock' whatever you want, it is extremely difficult requiring you to face the lock towards the thing you want to be locked, such as an entity or a planet. All it has to do is know it is there, and they get locked in place and lose all their capabilities. (Note that even if it can self-detect, that doesn't mean it has a consciousness.) To unlock it, just hit the thing you want to be unlocked with the lock really hard.
However, for specific regions on planets or space such as galactic regions or civilizations, you MUST highlight it with a strange red marker that will appear in your hand and draw where it is. For some reason if you get it wrong, the lock will literally just slap you silly.