ℂ
Natural Position
Contained by
The Warehouses
,
OMEGAs
,
Infinifolds
,
Imaginites
Contains
A few
Imaginary-verses
and
Rantrorenverses
Scale
Dimensionality
Infinitely imaginary
Diameter
√-∞
Kardashev Scale
ζ
About
[
]
Imaginariums
(sometimes called
ℂ
) are dimensions containing strange
verses
, like the
Imaginary-verses
. They can also be described as the
Box
equivalent of the Imaginary-verses.
As seen in the name, Imaginarium has many imaginary properties, especially quantities/size/dimensions and properties derived from those three.
Formation
[
]
An Imaginarium is formed when Boxes with different
Existence Rank
pairs (-1 and -2) go through similar events to normal Boxes, starting as infinite amounts of useless layers, and having them collapse every
OYC
until a layer collapses in the right way to form verses.
However, due to the negative properties of that Box (-1|-2 existence vs 0|1 existence in a normal one), order and chaos become negative (because order and chaos sum up to a existence rank), leading structures perpendicular to traditional order to form (antiorder) to form.
But what is "perpendicular to order"? Well, it can be described as the imaginary axis of numbers, as it still forms a "structure" yet is a separate axis from real numbers. And indeed, an Imaginarium has many imaginary properties.
Why is there no
Archverse
chains here?
[
]
This is because due to an Imaginarium's properties, many verses have imaginary dimensionality, as well as imaginary diameter. In order for Verses to properly form, values must be very specific, else either total size will have an inconsistent angle (leads to strange things like negatives containing positives), or absolute value will be static/approach 0 (even worse).
Even if size and dimensionality are habitable, the area around can still wreck havoc with strange properties. This means that outsides of verses may need to be "walled" off.
Due to this requirement, only one type of verse is present in Imaginariums, known as the Imaginary-verses.