This is a
story
about a guy who goes to a bunch of stuff and its really epic
NO IM NOT COPYING
Journey to the pork
sybau sybau sybau
Chapter 1: Wtf Is A Wiremill
[
]
Wiremill (not alive) (ignore the fact that its just out in the wilderness)
In the
The Gregquarters
, a really weird thing happened. One of the wiremills became....................... ALIVE?!?!??!'1'1 Their name... was Johnny Wiremill.
—
WHAT THE FUCK
Mr. John was quite disoriented by the fact that he exists now.
Some of the maintainers got confused too. But they just recognized john as a broken machine.
(maintainer 1)—
wtf one of the wiremills stopped working
(maintainer 2)—
Then smelt it down in the arc furnace and make a new one
—
NO
The maintainers pick up john, but while they're walking to the arc furnace, he runs away and breaks one of the windows of the gregquarters and jumps out
—
I shouldnt have done that lol im gonna die
While hes falling, he notices a weird portal on the ground below in the
GregTech Dimension
, and instead of hitting the ground, he falls into the portal.
—
Where am i?
The place mr. dr. john, PhD. is in has some weird sand. He looks around and sees a sign that says "Welcome to
The Mato
".
—
What the hell is this place? I guess I'll follow one of these paths.
He goes on one of the paths and walks on it until finding a town. The sign on the town says "Los Gedagedis". He looks around and sees a bunch of chicken nuggets and other miscellaneous objects dancing.
picture of the party
—(Gedagedi nugget)
WELCOME TO THE PARTYYYY
—
Oh, um, i'm not here for the party, i just want to know... Where the hell are we?
—
We are in The Mato, the best location in the
Schiverse
!
—
Uh, ok, cool i guess.
John then goes into one of the buildings. He finds a bed and decides to get some rest, so he plugs his charger into one of the sockets of one of the wild west shacks that are probably too old to have sockets. He falls asleep and has a weird dream. In it, he sees a funny stickman that talks to him.
—(???)
Hello "JOHN". I am your creator..
—
Really? So i just didn't become alive at random?
—(HWGOAS)
Yeah no that would be stupid. My name is
He who Goes on a Stroll
. I am an infinitely powerful entity that surpasses literally anything you can think of.
—
your name is stupid but ok. Also, why did you make me alive?
—
Because i'm SOOOOO FUCKING BOREEEEDDD DUDEEEEEE. Do you understand how boring it is to walk on a street for eternity? VERY BORING.
—
Probably not as boring as turning ingots into wires for years on end dude
wip lol sorry kthxbai