Microwave Rings
Scale
Size
[Googolduplex, 1000001, Infrared Ring]
Dimensionality
Infrared Ring
dimensionality + 1
Kardashev Scale
Microwave (Technically 4)
Properties
Life Percentage
9.8 x 10^811%
Is Unstable
Terrifyingly unstable
Position
Contained By
Radio Ring
Contains
Infrared Ring
The Microwave Ring Is The 18th Ring in the Ring series. It scores a Microwave on the Kardashev Scale. At the current moment, it is being controlled by the Microwave Confederacy. The Microwave Ring is a part of the
Federation of Rings
.
The Microwave Ring's taste and scent are random, and it changes to a random taste/scent every 2.3 seconds. The Microwave Ring is very useful in cooking food.
The Microwave Ring's Guardian is contained in an extremely large sphere, comprised of an unknown, near-indestructible material. The Guardian's limbs are chained to the inside of the sphere, with the chains being made out of the same material as the sphere itself. The Guardian was contained due to Incident MR-G1, where the Guardian went rogue and caused a wide variety of catastrophic issues, including countless Federation deaths. The Microwave Ring commonly harnesses the power of its Guardian to fire beams of energy at targets, destroying them with ease.
This ring is unimaginably unstable. Approximately every 7 hours, 500 duovigintillion to 700 quattorseptagintillion X-Rings will be ejected. In the outer sections of the Microwave Ring, these numbers increase to 5 duoquadragintillion to 700 quattornonagintillion.
Similarly to the
Ultraviolet Ring
, the Microwave Ring can cause all
Gamma Rings
inside of it to release gamma ray bursts. It is capable of destroying multiple
Infrared Rings
at once (although it usually targets
Light Rings
, as the Infrared Rings are seen as a non-threat).
Note:
Do not attempt to take a nice sip of the Microwave Ring. Your esophagus will expand to 17 times its current size. The reason why is because the Microwave ring has a lot of liquid Expandons, causing you esophagus to expand 17 times it's current size.
Tier One
The Existence
Time and reality
Time, Reality, and... The Other Thing
MORE
Bandiverse
Tier Two
Blue Ring
Red Ring
Green Ring
Yellow Ring
The Double Existence
Orange Ring
Purple Ring
Pink Ring
Brown Ring
Cyan Ring
White Ring
Tier Three
Grey Ring
Black Ring
Gamma Ring
X-Ring
Ultraviolet Ring
Light Ring
Infrared Ring
Microwave Ring
Radio Ring
Final Ring
The Triple Existence
Tier Four
The Quadruple Existence
Cceh
Kceh
The Big
Bignoseverse
DDonut
???
The Great Tesseractagonverse