Millie's 20 step guide to omnipotence is a 722-page book made by millie to simulate at least a level of power close to bean man .
The book holds 14
Cores of Everything
To check your progress as it's a power level relayer(PLR)
The following was unlocked by
Alphasm
^40
[
]
CONTENTS
Take over the world! either by blackmailing, hacking, or just talking your way through!
Create fusion energy! (or any other energy)
Take over a yotta-cluster of galaxies or a superstringverse
Learn any type of supernatural force that could put you in a position over the universe like magic
Conquer universe
Officially break the laws of physics!
Arrest the goverment of reality
Destroy
entropy
Destroy the
Universe
Use the void to create a hivemind of gods
Rinse and repeat
Do it again^2
Now here? It depends on whether or not you used fusion energy or
Superstringverse
. If you did the latter? Then you pass as this plane of existence has cosmic entities. If you chose fusion then
hide
Wow! You made it here! Congrats by then you already would have conquered the
Multiverse
so if you absorbed any cosmic artifacts? Good for you! If you researched them and replicated it? Then that's better! Now you would need to find me! Or at least time_me! He's already a cosmic entity so you should see him!
Here with time_me's help, you can set up a respawn point because WE are going to
The Rock
. Why? To kill
this
, over and over again until you just kill
Gerald
! Which according to me seems like suicide but you do you!
Ok...WOW you can definetly have the protagonist's luck if you can do that! I'm guessing either you're me or TTG if not then you're alphasm#40
Now by now... you should be out in fossil.com if you aren't? Then ask yourself!
In here is the narrator.exe a plane of existence that you need to carefully maneuver around
You're almost there! All you need is armour made from 0-dimensional nanites out of the flesh of the corpse of a
beann
elder! And if possible mix it with xaspunum, why don't you rub in some refined grayumnn and lightnn! This can make you as powerful as a human from a greater reality!
... this is it profit... power! You just need to escape the computer and repeat! if you make it out of layer^2 then i'll personally make you a
Transcendent_Omni-God
:) This page is locked! You can't read further
[
]
abilities
Communication with cosmic entities
Time manipulation
Immortality
Ascension
Reality check!
Trivia!
[
]
This was a frantic attempt at immortality from millie
All versions of millie and the book are vessels of the transcended omni-god
It was a social experiment from the transcendent omni-gods
Many versions of dunkey kong surpassed alphasm with this
This version is the limited
for gods!
edition made by the hopeless guardian
This book is crafted with magic!
It's produced at a factory in the layer^2 of reality!