Vandola
Natural Position
Contained by
Metaverse
Scale
Dimensionality
4-D
Diameter
782,000 Light Years
Kardashev Scale
5.3
Multiverse Vandola
is a multiverse that has very similar laws and properties of physics to
Our Own Multiverse
. It isn’t that big, while only containing 719 Universes. Most of the space in this Multiverse is just
Interdimensional Void
. Scientists were only able to observe 18 Universes in this Multiverse. Each with the code MV: U+1, MV: U+2, so on and so on.
Vandola also had a dimensionality of 4, meaning every object in Vandola is 4-Dimensional, but Vandola still isn’t a good place for humans to explore and observe 4-D objects, since universes are spread out and very scarce.
Still, humans are trying to find more universes in Vandola for research. Humans are even thinking of stopping to explore Vandola and using it as a backup source if they aren’t able to find many 4-D objects in
Our Multiverse
. Vandola *is not* contained in
Our Metaverse
. Back to the topic of humans, they are currently trying to send ships here to explore further.
Human president of our multiverse,
Hijakia Laoipa
, says “We should keep exploring Vandola because it is the only other
Multiverse
that we have found other than our own.” Most humans are agreeing with Hijakia. No species of life have been found in this Multiverse.
Contents
1
History
2
Laws
3
Universes
3.1
MV: U+1
3.2
MV: U+2
3.3
MV: U+3
History
[
]
It is unknown how it was created, but scientists theorize that it was created by another Multiverse being destroyed by an entity named
Largoinfin
. The destruction blasted the multiverse into many pieces, while some pieces combined and formed Vandola.
Because of that, Vandola was originally very chaotic at first. Many objects were swirling around in it, but that’s how Universes started to form. It was then officially classified as a Multiverse. Time passed, and Vandola got less and less chaotic.
At this time, Vandola only had about 392 Universes inside it. New verses formed when many groups of planets formed making stars and galaxies, forming whole Universes. This kept happening, until today, where barely any objects in Vandola are left and the number of Universes will probably stay the same.
Laws
[
]
Law 1: All gravity in Vandola is at the level of 0.3.
Law 2: Energy can be destroyed, but not created.
Law 3: Energy will not build up in objects, meaning most energy in this verse is potential energy, not kinetic.
Law 4: Gravity CAN get higher, if the object is less dense, but only slightly.
Law 5: The temperature can only get up to 80*C.
Universes
[
]
MV: U+1
[
]
MV: U+1
MV: U+1 Is the first Universe that was discovered in Vandola. It appears as a light yellowish-white orb.  (Picture on right)
Not many objects are in this Universe and it is believed to be one of the most recent Universes made in Vandola, because of the lack of objects. It might be made up of some of the last objects in Vandola. Or, it is just a coincidence that it has a lack of objects.
The following objects discovered:
Galaxy MV:1:G1
Galaxy MV:1:G2
Galaxy Cluster MV:1:GC1
The MV:1:P1 Planet
A short summary of MV: U+1
MV: U+2
[
]
MV: U+2 is the second Universe that was discovered in Vandola. It appears as a white orb.
A close up on one of the
Star
s in MV: U+2.
A decent amount of objects are in this Universe, but barely any of them are classified yet. It probably is just another normal Universe in the collection of Universes in Vandola. This is the least studied Universe in the study of Vandola. Scientists should look further into this Universe. Although it looks white, most of the inside isn’t.
The following objects discovered:
Solar System Techuaea (aka MV:2:SS+1)
Star MV:2:S+1 (featured in picture)
Planet Obligitua (aka MV:2:P+1)
Planet MV:2:P+2
Galaxy Milicutopahgin (aka MV:2:G+1)
Galaxy Miliopyatook (aka MV:2:G+2)
A short summary of MV: U+2
MV: U+3
[
]
A human’s ship traveling in one of MV: U+3’s
Wormhole
’s.
MV: U+3 is the third universe discovered in Vandola. It contains a decent amount of objects and looks like an extremely colorful sphere-ish shape.
Again, only a decent amount of objects are in this universe, and lots of them are classified. That’s because this universe is regularly studied, unlike MV: U+2. Not many objects that have been discovered aren’t yet classified. It is the only universe that has Wormholes that was discovered in Vandola.
The following objects discovered:
Planet Ecahua (aka MV:3:P:1)
Planet Ecapoloid (aka MV:3:P:2)
Planet Epilison (aka MV:3:P:3)
Planet Ecamasad (aka MV:3:P:4)
Star Sabagulon (aka MV:3:S:1)
Solar System Ecasaudodon (aka MV:3:SS:1)
Planet Pacabon (aka MV:3:P:5)
Solar System Pacatun (aka MV:3:SS:2)
Wormhole Walakok (aka MV:3:W:1) aka (MV:W:1)
Galaxy Nanoma (aka MV:3:G:1)
Galaxy Nanoneem (aka MV:3:G:2)
Galaxy Cluster Nanoeam (aka MV:3:GC:1)
A short summary of MV: U+3