O'Malley's Alley
Scale
Size
Somewhat smaller than the
Blue Ring
Dimensionality
1991
Properties
Temperature
High/Low 68°F/51°F
Class
5
Life Percentage
🐱%
Shape
Alleyway
Position
Contained by:
Nothing at all!
Contains:
A multitude of masculinity
Contents
1
What is O'Malley's Alley?
2
A funky-fresh alleyway
3
The Saloon
4
A warning for yerself
5
Still can't get your fill?
What is O'Malley's Alley?
[
]
O'Malley's Alley
's a
Class 5
Zenith Verse
which'll be found just 'round the block from the
Blue Ring
. Best known as the domain of Tommy the Cat!
A funky-fresh alleyway
[
]
The alley is a place where the most virile of the young tabbies are known to hang out. They hang out in droves! You can hear the sounds of funky bass and snazzy drums emanating from the buildings, slidin' down your eardrums like butter drippin' off a hot biscuit as even the oldest of tigers that hang out 'round the place groove along to the beat!
If you ain't been to the alley, you ain't lived! Not a single soul can resist the utter spectacle of
some classic O'Malley funk metal
. Once you start dancin', you'll
never ever stop
! Blue Ring citizens and even foreigners from crazy far lands like "
Bignoseverse
" (is that even real? There's no way in hell...) come on in the streets to dance along with these cool cats. Some of 'em will drop their homes and families all together to jam out here forever n' ever. Why have any
worries
when you can just dance away?
Y 'don't like funk metal, ya say? 'Course ya like funk metal. EVERYONE likes funk metal. (Source: I pointed some guns to some heads and asked people if they liked funk metal.
They all did!
)
The Saloon
[
]
Tired of dancing (shame on yerself) and need a drink! Stop by the O'Malley Saloon to quench yer thirst real quick! They offer plenty o' drinks, such as:
Milk!
Milk! (Alcoholic this time)
Milk! (With a hint of cinnamon)
Milk! (Milk flavored)
Milk! (Pork flavored)
Milk! (Frizzle Fried)
Milk! (Cheese flavored!)
Milk! 2!
Milk! (I think this one has rat poison)
Milk! (Why did I drink it)
Milk! (I don't feel too good)
Milk! (Augh!)
Milk! (...)
Milk! (X_X)
Oh god...
Truly a damn fine example of the things humanity can create! Who knew such a simple drink could have so many varities. The alcoholic variant seems to be the most popular, but don't get too tipsy, lest you start stumblin' instead o' dancin around.
You can also meet our lovely, entirely non-frightening
bartender
!
A warning for yerself
[
]
Aside from all the good times you'll surely be havin', you oughta watch yourself, buddy. O'Malley's Alley's a beautiful place and is the heart of music in all of existence (the good kind, anyways), but it attracts more than just tourists and dancers. There's been some
strange people
around these parts, they'll lure you in with claims of even better music (as if such a thing ever existed), but they say if you go with 'em you'll
never come back
...
Ha! I love gossip!
Still can't get your fill?
[
]
Aside from the drinkers n' dancers n' midnight prancers though, some are just lookin' for more. They're looking for that
STUD BULL!
They're lookin' for that
HE-CAT!
They'll saunter right into the heart of the alleyway just to find 'im.
Tommy the Cat is his name! Many a fat alley had met its demise while staring point blank down, the cavernous barrel of this awesome prowling machine. Truly a wonder of nature, this urban predator! Tommy the Cat has many a story to tell, and if you're lucky, he'll t sing unto thee:
Say, baby do you wanna lay down with me? Say, baby, do you wanna lay down by my side? Ah, baby, do you wanna lay down with me? Say, baby? SAY, BABY!? Say, baby do you wanna lay down with me? Say, baby, do you wanna lay down by my side? Ah, baby, do you wanna lay down with me? Say, baby? SAY, BABY!? Say, baby do you wanna lay down with me? Say, baby, do you wanna lay down by my side? Ah, baby, do you wanna lay down with me? Say, baby? SAY, BABY!? Say, baby do you wanna lay down with me? Say, baby, do you wanna lay down by my side? Ah, baby, do you wanna lay down with me? Say, baby? SAY, BABY!? Say, baby do you wanna lay down with me? Say, baby, do you wanna lay down by my side? Ah, baby, do you wanna lay down with me? Say, baby? SAY, BABY!? Say, baby do you wanna lay down with me? Say, baby, do you wanna lay down by my side? Ah, baby, do you wanna lay down with me? Say, baby? SAY, BABY!? Say, baby do you wanna lay down with me? Say, baby, do you wanna lay down by my side? Ah, baby, do you wanna lay down with me? Say, baby? SAY, BABY!? Say, baby do you wanna lay down with me? Say, baby, do you wanna lay down by my side? Ah, baby, do you wanna lay down with me? Say, baby? SAY, BABY!?