Omni-Web
A portion of The Omni-Web
Scale
Dimensions
Varies, but is usually in the hundreds
Size
Varies by a lot
Kardashev Scale
same as
Hyperverse
Location
Contained by
Omniverse
Contains
Metaverse
,
Xenoverse
,
Hyperverse
The Omni-Web
is a type of structure that composes most of the
Omniverse
. This structure is mostly composed of
Metaverses
and
Xenoverses
due to Metaverse's properties of transferring data and laws. The Omni-Web is an essential for verses higher up in the hierarchy, such as
Hyperverses
, the
Extraverse
, and the
Omniverse
itself. However, it can't contain
Gigaverses
properly due to the transferable of glitchy, hyperradioactive materials.
The
Metaverses
in the Omni-Web are connected to each other via forces, and due to their individual properties, this makes them act like wires. But when the Omni-Web breaks down, Metaverses becomes isolated throughout a Omniverse causing laws to differ.
At higher levels,
Macroformers
are sustained for law manipulation and the safety of
Imaginary Energy
and
Imaginary Polyhedrons
. By then, Imaginary Polyhedrons can be upgraded into metadata computer hub and truncated ones, including wires, can be built within, like the ones that transform one metaversal kind to another.
Civilization
[
]
Due to the properties of
Metaverses
and the Omni-Web itself, many civilizations use these structures for fast travel, and many wars have been fought over access to the Omni-Web, causing many to die, and many verses to be destroyed. In fact, Omni-Webs aren't very habitable. Fortunately, many civilizations have created artificial Omni-Webs to travel and create verses or rather to find a way to
Ultraverse
for safety and upgrade. Besides, Omni-Webs are used for appearance of Archverses in their Ultraversal civilizations.
Omni-Webs are also used to extract
Omni-Oil
.
Formation
[
]
During the formation of an Omniverse, chaos particles were gathering around, and switching between random subquantum fluctuations as layers crumble from higher layers of Archverses. As the time goes on, chaos particles become source particles during the fold of Xenoverses, which is a main part for
Protospatial Particles
. These particles will then hold forces gathered for supplies needed, and spread out like forming a web. Afterwards, the structure become the matter information, forming the Omni-Web.
See also
[
]
Metaverse
Ultraverse