Peptaverse
Natural Position
Contained by
Ochaverse
Contains
Quexaverse
Scale
Dimensionality
10+15
Diameter
Usually from 822.9 quinquinquagintillion to 4.228 sexquinquagintillion
Quexaverses
wide, which comes out to
1.26 cennovemnonagintillion (1.256×10
600
) ly
Kardashev Scale
35
"Rare announcement our free Pepsi is back and now you can buy any Pepsi owned drink for -$15,000! So drink all the Pepsi you want!"
The Peptaverse is an absolutely massive verse. All of the
Quexaverses
reside on the lines of the Peptaverse and the rest is a very fragile space. Large gravitational bodies can break the veil, especially
Quexaverses
, and so they don’t appear there. Usually, these holes lead to the Peptavoid (not-so-lovingly known as the Peptabyss). On very rare occasions these can lead to different verses or other zones. But due to the fact that these zones are volatile, dangerous, and extremely unpredictable, no attempt to create portals properly nor set up civilization has really been successful. These portals are also very hard to keep open, and they close almost instantly. It is one of the reasons why it is reccomended to stay on the stable areas. But the only portal that stays open is the Great Portal, which, as you may expect, leads to the…
The Peptavoid
[
]
The Peptaverse contains the Pepta-Void. The Portal leads to the Pepta-Void and it is unclosable. However, this portal is a one-way portal. Once you have passed through, the portal closes straight after. The Pepta-Void is the first infinite structure in this chain. Sadly, it is an empty one. Also, there is one Pepta-Void per
Ochaverse
.
When matter falls through, you are teleported to a random location in the Peptabyss. Everything that falls in after you will be an infinite distance away from you. But UNfortunately, things do not age here, AND time is dilated multiple times. So you will spend not just one, but TEN eternities here, alone. HAVE FUN!
! WARNING !
The Peptaverse hates Coca-Cola. If you bring even a drop of Coca-Cola into the Peptaverse, the surrounding area (roughly 10
590
ly) will be sent in its entirely to an eternal Pepta-Prison where it can never escape even after INFINITY eternities.
Can you escape the Peptavoid?
[
]
No.
The Wi-Fi password is ABYSS2346, if that’s any consolation. But… if you aren’t in our local
Ochaverse
, you will have to guess it. A WiFi password can only be up to 64 chars and, you have the rest of eternity, so, you have time! Yeah and, we used to not have Pepsi. I know. Tragic.
The Underside
[
]
Keeping the Great Portal open from the other side obviously requires matter. However, some civilizations have learned to shoot a massive beam of light through the Great Portal to keep it open. However, the Great Portal demands insane amounts of energy per second to be open so long, as creating a wormhole through INFINITE space takes substantial energy. As such, only an
Ochaverse
-controlling civilization can afford that kind of energy. By using this tech, they were able to build structures in the Peptabyss. It became a sort of infinite cosmic storage. And, since time was dilated 10x, you could develop and research 10x faster. The biggest one, called the Underside, was massive, almost 2 tresvigintillion times the size of its host Peptaverse! Also, in an emergency, a civilization can just shrink the ray, which won’t cut them off but it will shrink the portal. Also, try to go all in at once. It’ll feel real weird if your feet are going 10x faster than you.