Depiction of the Pig Speaker
The
Pigspeaker
is a Humanoid Pig wielding a Francisca made of gold.
Abilities Include: Mediumship, Necromancy, Inertia Manipulation, Directional Control, Immortality, Irrevocable Persuasion, and Super Strength. Super Agility, Air Manipulation (Able to Launch a Barrage of Air Attacks) Heat Manipulation (Non-Combat Applicable).
Quote
[
]
A direct quote of the Pig Speaker says "I grow tired of this world.
You squander your resources.
You wage war on your neighbors.
You gain space travel, and you use it to point weapons at yourselves.
You blame everyone around you for your mistakes while continuing to make them.
Your chosen protectors kill you in the street.
Your chosen leaders steal your lives and livelihood, yet you bow to them again.
You have lost the right to rule yourselves.
I see you, killing each other and blaming the dead for your crimes.
I see you, directing your neighbors to hate others because they look different or act differently.
I see you, using hatred as a tool to control those who would trust you.
You've had your chance.
I will take this world before you destroy everything worth taking.
I need it. More than I need you.
The time came and passed. You didn't notice.
Your heroes cannot stop me.
They will bow to me. A True hero become worn down and have to endure harsh trials fear their power but use it because they know they have to if they will win the day idolization of brutish actions is not heroism self-mythologizing narcissistic autocrats are not heroic neo-liberal fascists are not heroes what ever happened to our heroes. Love is neither wise nor beautiful, but is rather the desire for wisdom and beauty."
Story
[
]
He lost his eye when he was ten due to smallpox which made his mother favor his little brother over him so he killed him. He led his first military campaign when he was 14. When he was 17 he became the leader of a War Room. Some people did not accept him as the leader but he put them in their places by leading several military campaigns and subjugating those who tried to deny him. Some tried to stop him by kidnapping his father, and when he tried to stop them his father was killed in the battle. He responded by torturing and killing the families of everyone involved.