Quod Infinita
Natural Position
Contained by
THUB
Contains
Ducks
,
Bubbleplex
Scale
Dimensionality
???+ ???*???
Diameter
10^bubbleplex
Quod Infinita
is a huge cosmic structure that contains nearly everything in existence, including the
Bubbleplex
in it’s center. It is made mostly of liquids and gases, though there are some solid objects. There are no planets here, no stars, only Verses and black holes. Staying inside Quod Infinita for too long, even with protection, can lead to insanity and death.
Structure
[
]
On the very outside is a thin solid outline made out of a similar material to the one that makes up the
Shreddedwheatverse
’s outer border. This border is home to many a microorganism. Then, the next layer is just clouds of extremely heavy and radioactive gas. One time a meteor from
Magma Central
made it all the way here but was completely distentegrated upon entering these clouds. After that comes the main body or Quod Infinita, which is made of pink, very light but extremely radioactive liquids as well as the gases from before. There is a supermassive black hole on the left of this part, and the
Bubbleplex
is in the center.This is also the part responsible for this Verse’s... shenanigans. It is constantly becoming larger. There is a constant cycle of the liquids will become lighter and spread out more, pushing out the border, then returning to their original state. This means that Quod Infinita is expanding infinitely, hence it’s name. And you know those microorganisms in the border? If the expanding of Quod Infinita is ever stopped, they will explode and blow holes in the border, causing the expansion to continue at a much faster rate. The holes in the border will eventually be healed.
The material that makes up Quod Infinita’s outer layer
Occupants
[
]
Chunky Cheese
’s house is in a fish tank on the gas layer of Quod Infinita.
Bongus
likes to go swimming here.
There are also some fish, they’re pretty cool I guess.
An image of Quod Infinita’s main layer
A concentrated blob of gas from Quod Infinita.