Rchtimayy
A Rchtimayy
Rules over
It is theorized that each Rchtimayy rules over all other Rchtimayy whenever they want
Age
Possibly infinite
Size
Small when compared to most other 2nd Realmly creatures
Knowledge
Some
Power
Unknown (thought to be somewhat high)
Goals
Unknown
Species
2nd Realm
The Rchtimayy are a small type of 2nd Realmly creature that is often found helping with constructions and building, by carrying objects far distances.
Appearence
[
]
The Rchtimayy is comprised of 2 parts: the green being, which is the conscious and "Rchtimayy" part of the whole creature, and the black core, which essentially does all of the functions the Rchtimayy is capable of, like movement, carrying, assembling, rotating, micro-teleporting, etc.
The green being of the Rchtimayy, alongside with the black core, is made out of unknown materials, and is also unknown how they both work, but this is sadly how most things and phenomenon are understood to us 1st Realm beings. Barely anything is known.
(DiepAndArrasTankIdeas - Who is reading it though?)
Abilities
[
]
A Rchtimayy is able to travel any finite distance with ease. But, travelling an infinite distance would take an infinite amount of time, the reason being that the Rchtimayy can only travel finitely fast just by itself. So, when required to travel more than finitely, multiple Rchtimayy gather in a group and combine together into a Rchtimayy-sized perfect black cube, carry out a Brownian walk, and then seemingly disappear into thin air, but are in reality just travelling in infinite speeds.
In some cases, infinite speeds are required to travel finite distances, due to how absolutely chaotic and messed up the geometry is of the 2nd Realm.
The Rchtimayy is capable of hiding specific things in its pocket dimension, and thus, is also able to carry things easily. The objects it can carry, however, are specific, and mostly isn't that useful in non-collaborative purposes.
Although, when a bunch of Rchtimayy gather together to create a black cube, the union of all of their pocket dimensions creates an area suited for most any object one wishes to take, and thus most things are carried this way, as they are more efficient when larger concentrations of the Rchtimayy are present.