The
texture of children
consists of endless corridors of melted-down living children....
wait what?
Story
[
]
Origin
[
]
Once upon a time, in a parallel
universe
where there was also an alternative version of
planet
Earth
and
humanity
, there was an extremly powerful
cult
aimed towards causing pain. Its members subjected millions of children to horrific torture methods every year for hundreds of years.
texture of children
one of the rooms texture of children
Natural Position
Contained by
A random
Multiverse
Scale
Dimensionality
3d
Diameter
6 million km
Kardashev Scale
2
This cult spread its faith all over the world, which said that if you didn't torture children, an evil
god
would awaken who loves to listen  suffering of children and exterminate everyone and everything. Centuries passed and society became progressive, and the cult lost influence and eventually was destroyed in 1768.
However, 300 years later in 2038, this god awoke, and it decided that they would make children suffer with their own hands, so it took all the children on this Earth (there were 6 billion of them), made them immortal, melted them down and turned them into huge corridors. since then, random
beings
across
Multiverses
have been teleported to these corridors, most likely done by the evil god for fun. The chance of a lifetime to get into these corridors is 75%, and after hitting you will be replaced by a perfect copy of yourself.
Exploring the texture of children
[
]
one day, a research group independently found the texture of children in the middle of the multiverse, there was no entrance and exit, so they had to teleport one of the people inside by connecting a chip with artificial intelligence to it that can make a report even if a person immediately goes crazy or dies.
Report: When the subject got there, he saw endless corridors of skin, meat, eyes, mouth and ears. Countless children screamed in pain so loudly that the subject should go deaf immediately, but he could not and heard all these screams that almost instantly plunged him into endless suffering. After he fell to the floor in pain, hungry mouths began to eat him, after he was completely chewed, the rest of the mouths began to spit meat into other mouths so that they too could get food.