The Final Box
Scale
Dimensions
If the dimensionality of a
Final Archverse
=0 then The Final Box=0.5601
Size
Unbounded non-ordinal non-cardinal x
Final Archverse
's size in ly × ζ0 x
Ultra Ultraverse
's size in ly
Kardashev Scale
ALL FRACTION(0.6)
Location
Contained by
The Final Superverses
Contains
The Ultra Ultraverses
,
the Final Archverses
,
the Final Multiverses
,
Final Universes
,
Caneverns
.
Not to be confused with the other
Final Box
.
The
Final Boxes
used to be known as simple
self-containing
structures with three copies of
Final Archverses
inside each, but now they're known to be much more than that.
Containment + story
[
]
Our local Final Box, just like the others, contains three Final Archverses, in which one represents -1, which is the Final Archverse we have been inside of up to this point. Another Final Archverse represents 1, and it has the same formations as ours except the positions of where there is nothing and where there is something is reversed, and the last represents 0, and every part of it is in a constant state of being there and not being there at the same time. Our Final box contained all three of these Final Archverses along with itself in multiple different areas. Everything was completely fine until, suddenly, one of this Final Box's self containment cells became asynchronuos with the others.
When this happened, the amount of restrictions placed on it went below zero. This caused all of the other self containment cells of our Final Box to do the same thing, causing an instant, transinfinite growth in which every repitition of our Final Box was in a transinfinite amount of positions at once and each one was instantly made unique. Due to the asymmetrical nature of its self containment, our Final Box began to look less like a box and more like a chaotic mess of twisted possibilities. Its chaotic self containment is now the mess of possibilities that causes time to pass for larger objects.
This is a fate that befalls every Final Box eventually, and over 99.99987% have already had it happen to them across our
Final Superverse
. It is predicted that within a few
OYC
, we will see this number rise to 100%, unless a new Final Box is generated mid-process and brings down the value, at least for a while.