The Random Civilization
Kardashev Scale
Technically Type 4 (as it controlled the
Policiahsewverse
which can be classified as a Universe)
Last Verse Colonized
The Policiahsewverse (as they didn't conquer any verses on The Slate)
Largest Megastructure
The Üqwín star harvester (Approximately 5x the diameter of our solar system)
The Random Civilization was a civilization on
The Slate
which managed to destroy over at least 300,000 civilizations on it using the
Policiahsewverse
.
History
[
]
The Random Civilization's history supposedly goes as follows:
The Random Civilization first started out as a relatively weak civilization on
The Table
, wandering around trying to find verses to live in (as their previous verse was destroyed by
The Shadow
, a dangerous entity located underneath The Table). After many
OYC
of wandering around The Table, they found the
Policiahsewverse
. The Random Civilization placed a few of their star harvesters in the Policiahsewverse. These star harvesters managed to harvest a significant amount of energy, although one of them suddenly blew up. As the Policiahsewverse was a
Chained Verse
(a verse in which whatever happens to an object in the verse will happen to a similar object in the verse(s) that the Chained Verse is "chained to"), ~500,000,000 of the ~1 billion verses that the Policiahsewverse was chained to all witnessed star harvester explosions, killing countless creatures.
The Policiahsewverse Being Discovered as a Chained Verse
[
]
At first, The Random Civilization just thought this was a coincidence. However, as this phenomenon kept happening, The Random Civilization figured out that the Policiahsewverse was different. Once the Policiahsewverse was confirmed to be a Chained Verse, The Random Civilization realized that they could potentially use the Policiahsewverse to their advantage. This hope that the Policiahsewverse could be used to their advantage only increased when The Random Civilization discovered The Slate.
In the OYC year of 1,555, The Random Civilization successfully brought the Policiahsewverse and all the verses it was chained to over to The Slate, convincing civilizations to enter the verses. The Random Civilization then carefully blew up one of their star harvesters in the Policiahsewverse, causing countless more star harvesters in the verses the Policiahsewverse was chained to to also blow up. The explosion of the first star harvester caused another star harvester in the Policiahsewverse to blow up, which caused another star harvester in the verse to blow up, etc. This set off a chain reaction which lasted for a few Earth days until it finally ended. This chain explosion in the Policiahsewverse caused countless casualties (mostly in the verses that the Policiahsewverse was chained to, although it also killed a few dozen creatures in the Policiahsewverse).
A large amount of creatures have been very skeptical of what actually happened, as it is relatively unlikely that star harvesters would be in every verse that the Policiahsewverse was chained to, let alone The Random Civilization somehow successfully convincing hundreds of thousands civilizations to go into each and every one of those verses.
The End of The Random Civilization
[
]
The Random Civilization met its end after a powerful civilization invaded the Policiahsewverse, almost destroying The Random Civilization. The invading civilization quickly got out of The Slate using a
Stealbot
to carry the Policiahsewverse with them as The Slate was about to erase everything on it (The Slate does this on a periodic basis). However, The Random Civilization didn't get out in time, and was destroyed by The Slate's erasing mechanism.