"We, well, review artificial stuff. That's literally it and I have no idea why you are reading the motto."
~ The Really Cool Reviewing Cosmic Corporation's motto
The Really Cool Reviewing Cosmic Corporation
Allies
The corporation behind the
Utilibots
Enemies
Not many civilizations
Members
Amount of civilizations part of the group is a few thousand
Power
Relatively high
General Description
[
]
The Really Cool Reviewing Cosmic Corporation, usually shortened to just The Reviewing Corporation, is a large group with the goal of reviewing every single type of artificial product ever created. The Reviewing Corporation isn't actually a corporation, but a relatively large group of civilizations working together.
Joining The Reviewing Corporation is very hard, and the entities/civilizations trying to join the group will usually have to wait over 5 entire
OYC
(~4000 Earth years) to be able to join. Due to this, the amount of civilizations that are a part of The Reviewing Corporation stay roughly the same over long periods of time.
The Reviewing Corporation's Rating System
[
]
The Reviewing Corporation have a rating system which has a max score of 16 points.
Here is the official description of the rating system from the leader of The Reviewing Corporation:
"0/16 is the worst rating ever. Absolutely nothing can possibly attain this rating as it is too bad to be possible. The only thing that has is
Celestial Garbage
, which is the worst thing ever.
1/16 is the worst rating that a thing can obtain. So far, only 3 things have this rating, and it's because they were purposely made to be bad.
2/16 is absolute ridiculous trash. If anything gets a 2/16, it's pretty safe to assume that the thing really wasn't meant to exist (in any
Existence Rank
, that is.).
3/16 is absolute trash. Such a thing is pretty much unusable and was probably made by egotistical weirdos like
The Real True Actual End
.
4/16 is officially terrible. Don't listen to creatures who say that a thing which scores 4/16 is good.
5/16 is really bad, it's best not to use such a thing.
6/16 is bad, but not completely useless. They might be some use to you.
7/16 is below average.
8/16 is right at the middle. Things which are rated this are neither good or bad.
9/16 is very slightly above average.
10/16 is slightly above average. It is relatively useful.
11/16 is above average.
12/16 is officially good. Listen to creatures who say that a thing which scores 12/16 is good.
13/16 is really, really good.
14/16 is extraordinarily good. Anything which gets a 14/16 rating is guaranteed to be super good.
15/16 is the best possible rating which is obtainable. So far, only 1 thing has obtained this rating.
16/16 is the best rating ever. It is impossible to obtain.
Affiliation with the corporation behind the
Utilibots
[
]
The Reviewing Corporation has a history of cooperation with the corporation behind the Utilibots, although the two groups have started to become less friendly after the creation of the controversial
Minerbot
.