Megacollaboration
The Crearion is
a megacollab
! Pages like were created by lots of different people, so the writing styles may be different throughout the article.
Allowed Collaborators:
TheHolderofTheDarkHeartandThelllumina
,
Likefrim
,
Molang Sus
,
Mrhappymonyet
Current Collaborators: N/A
"sharing is caring" -
DiggyPT
(2024)
https://alldimensions.fandom.com/wiki/File:Jerry_le_Moth.mp3
Theme
Ah. That.
—
The Crearion
Default
The Deity with a Thousand Crowns
Alternative
Abyss
Real Life Appearance
Info
Jerald the Moth
Name
Jerald the Moth (by lesser entities)
Jerry le Moth (by
SwitzerlandBall
)
The Creator of All (by the
Eternalities
)
The Godking
Grandpa Jerald (by the
Almighty
)
The Deity with a Thousand Crowns
Rules Over
The Impercievable Plane
, The
Allsphere
,
Nihilum
,
Ultirium
, every conceivable and inconceivable state, existence, nonexistence, pre-existence, post-existence, meta-existence, transfictionality, and all realms beyond the beyond, etc
Age
Irrelevant
Size
Irrelevant
Knowledge
Irrelevant
Power
Irrelevant. exists so "high" up, that questions/paradoxes about collapse and observation are obsolete. Can transfer through observable forms and unobservable forms. Has access to create anything, including unobservable objects. Unbounded and absolutely unlimited.
Goals
??? (Most likely Incomprehensible)
Species
Creatonotos gangis moth (preferred form)
Behavioral Moral Alignment
???
Creations
Creator of the Inbetweener, progenitor of the Allsphere, and origin of multiple cosmic entities. Also created The Friend I Can't Show You, Nihil, Every Jerald-Bane, and many more.
The entity known as
The Crearion
, or The Creator of All is the originator of numerous beings, including but not limited to:
Nihil
,
The Friend I Can't Show You
, the
Inbetweener
, and indirectly The
Allsphere
, which contains every possible verse, dimension, and concept, including verses like the
Gigamonarch
and the
Void
. The influence of The Crearion extends to the creation of beings such as
Baby Jerald
(Jerald Jr.) and
Jeulawed
.
They are the direct creator of “everything” in the Imperceivable Plane, directly or indirectly.
Jerald took part in direct creation of Ultimætum The Supreamus Aeternum, followed by Nihil and the Inbetweener. The Allsphere, as a product of the Inbetweener, contains the Gigamonarch, which in turn contains the Void, The Allsphere, a product of the Inbetweener, holds the Gigamonarch, which in turn contains the Void, a theoretical structure holding all possible concepts, realities, and impossibilities. Tracing the hierarchy, these entities all find their origin in Jerald, the ultimate point of origin. The Crearion has a rather unique power. If he decides something exists, it exists, if he thinks that it doesn't exist, it doesn't exist. When he decides that something has to do something, it does the thing etc. Their goals are so incomprehensibly alien to us that describing them would be impossible, even for
omniscient beings
.
The mechanisms through which Jerald creates or generates the entities and the Inbetweener remain unspecified, with theories suggesting an informational or ontological framework as a potential explanation, although this remains speculative until further developments in theoretical modeling occur.
The cosmology governed by the Crearion appear to be stable, with the All-sphere serving as an all-encompassing container for an infinite number of realities indirectly affected by the Crearion. The Crearion is positioned at the very peak, above all entities, including Nihil, whom Jerald himself created. Nihil brings forth the Inbetweener, eventually giving birth to the All-sphere, The Allsphere brings forth
TIME
(time itself),
SPACE
(space itself) and
INFINITUM
(Infinity), and the rest of the Eternalities. The Creatonotos gangis moth is also theorized to be a direct descendent of Jerald, that was passed all the way down to
Real Life
.
They reside in the
Imperceivable Plane
.
Allies
[
]
Eternalities
Jerald-Banes
Fudgecake
Ether
Neutral
[
]
The Allsphere
The Friend I Can't Show You
In-Betweener
The Embodiment of Evil
SwitzerlandBall
Enemies
[
]
The Crearion has no enemies because if he had them he can just decide they don't exist and then they don't exist anymore.
The most powerful being in all forms of existence.
(This is WIP)