The Epinam
A image of The Epinam
Info
Size
Diameter: 78 million miles / Size: Infinitesimal
What type of object is it
Black Hole
Dimensionality
3D
Position
Contained by
Universe
Contains
Nothing
The Epinam is a undiscovered Black Hole located in
Our Universe
. It has a cloud of gas rotating around it (as seen in the picture) and it is 78 miles in diameter. The size of it does not matter, since the size of every black hole is an infinitesimal.
The Epinam appears to have a pinkish-purple glow around it (as seen in the picture) It has engulfed multiple of objects such as stars, planets, and even whole solar systems. Like normal black holes, time and space begin to distort when you get near this object. Humans have attempted to explore this object, which we will get to later.
The thing different to this black hole than other black holes, is that you can escape it. I mean, you already can escape if you are a large god, but what I mean is that normal humans and the speed of light can escape it. The reason for this, I will explain.
The reason why light can escape this object, is because this black hole lacks much of an event horizon. Epinam has about no gravitational pull because the star it collapsed on was about to die while it was collapsing.
That is the overview of the Epinam. Now, we will go into deeper parts.
History
[
]
A star named GLN-2NN was about to die, but then mysteriously collapsed on itself, resulting in Epinam. Epinam used to be very small, but grew very slowly. When the first object was about to be engulfed by Epinam, it failed to go in and mysteriously exploded.
The exploded planet turned into gas and surrounded Epinam at a distance. A few years later, when Epinam engulfed its first star, the star again failed to go in and exploded. This gave Epinam a purple-pink glow around it. Pin am grew and grew, but the gas and glow didn’t.
Now, we are at present day, and we now have the Epinam we know and love.
Human Exploration
[
]
Exploring Log 1:
6/14/3719
Humans drive one of their ships into Epinam. When they drive through the cloud of gas, they cannot see anything, their windows are engulfed with gray.
Humans continue.
They get out of gas cloud.
Windows are filled with purple-pink traceparency.
They can see Epinam in the distance.
They get close to Epinam.
*TOP SECRET*
Exploring Log 2 for Epinam is in progress, and is currently top secret.