The Final Noncontainer
A recreation of The Final Barrier in its opened state:
Scale
Dimensions
Beyond the concept
Size
An undefinable amount of times larger than
the Final Existences
Kardashev Scale
ALL FRACTION(0.8)
Location
Contained by
The Final Voids
Contains
Unending levels of Noncontainers,
The Final Existences
Outside of the
Final Existences
there exists a "cube" with one of its sides missing. This "cube" is labeled as a "Level 1 Noncontainer" which is what it will be referenced as from here onward.  A level 1 Noncontainer cannot contain any amount of Final Existences due to it not preventing objects from escape. A Level n Noncontainer will have walls one 17th as thick as a Level n-1 Noncontainer, with a Level 0 Noncontainer being the Final Existences. Every Level n Noncontainer contains between 9 and 2 Level n-1 Noncontainers and is exactly 10 times bigger than a Level n-1 Noncontainer. Noncontainers and the Final Existences are always randomly spread throughout their higher levels of Noncontainers. The walls of Noncontainers are made out of a special light brown material known to be completely invincible to anything and everything (even
Dunkey Kong
).
The ultimatum of this sequence is a closed Noncontainer, this is known as the
Final Barrier
and has dimensions of ten by fifteen times the Penultimate Noncontainer instead of the usual ten by ten times used by all other Noncontainers. It has 15 Penultimate Noncontainers inside of it, and each of them holds a part of a key that opens it for approximately 46080 hours before shattering and closing its roof. On the outside of the Final Container, there is a paper-thin material that wraps tightly around the structure, with codes on it that tell of information about all of its contents using an advanced base ∞ counting system that can be translated into words by using various different forms of cryptography.
There is a saying: "Within the Final Barrier, there is always a light" this is said because of the fact it has white light of about 100 lux constantly shining throughout it at all times. That light is coming from everywhere inside of it, which is a place so enormus that it can no longer simply be described with the terms "kinda big" or "pretty large", its size is no joke. The set of Noncontainers that it contains is so large that if you define an absolute number, whether infinite or not, well defined or not, official or not, there will be a level of Noncontainers for that number. Therefore, The Final Barrier is larger than any value that can be defined that doesn't relate to itself.