"stare into the abyss and scream into the void, they would do the same... no such infinity can anything comprehend or see.." - the one
but how?? this is THE ONE, the being who is above all beings! he's the guy who doesn't fear eldritch horrors but laughs in their faces and he dunks on omnipotent beings!!, how can someone so confident just stay in silence for 10 seconds?????? and then the one finally spoke "wanna know something absolutely mind blowing, The Giftbox(check
The Biggest Violation Ever
), Final Fractalisms The Allspheres, TOTUM, all of those aren't even 1% of real existence! And guess what, there is also something called THE HORDE, those maniacs consume realities!" The chat gone damn wild like apes the chat kept spamming "wow" ok maybe not really wild but still wild nonetheless, so the one just said "plz chill" and just grabbed his pet cat "Yog-Soggothus" and just rested a lil bit well resting is nice, and then something happened:
a being called "Noctilith Arkanis" appeared into the ones room
Noctilith: hello I assume you're the one right?
the one: yes I am the one why are u in my room
Noctilith: well I have the information of what you're looking for, you are in a ultra cosmology
the one: what's a ultra cosmology
Noctilith: cosmologies on steroids (hypercosmology) and even more steroids
the one: huh that's kinda cosmic
noctilith: and the people who create your ultra cosmology which is a wiki called AD are called "Editors" they're basically forces of creation who make pages which are superrealities which are a bunch of realities in a connected web into one, and there's a more powerful version of editors called "Admins" they're just editors but 1000 times more potent in every stat and there's a even more powerful version of editors called bureaucrats which are just admins but more potent in the millions
the one: that's alot of information to process so wait... how powerful are you?
noctilith: oh you couldn't even imagine my power
the one: uhh whatever can u leave my room now I don't think my cat likes you
noctilith: oh yeah bye
and the noctilith arkanis spun fast enough to disappear into thin air