Uisini
Natural Position
Contained by
The Tower
Contains
Unstable logic, "cosmic goop" that can barely be considered as a
galaxy
.
Uisini is a strange universe that contains objects who constantly change type usually on approximately an earth-yearly basis. For context, these object types, which are shared by most verses within
The Tower
, are consciousness, nullification, matter, space, time, and energy, all of which can point to objects or even object types themselves.
Properties
[
]
Uisini takes much longer to reach a state of neutral energy and “die out”; Uisini is always “randomized” into a new mess whenever it scrambles the object types within it. These messes halt the death of Uisini; they are usually distant from an energy-neutral state.
There is also life here that comes in “waves”, each of which thrives in various ways. Some life here is known to nullify space, creating “holes” of 0 distance, allowing easy jumping between points in space. Other forms of life here can also create space, multiplying distances due to “denser” coordinates, slowing down entities that attempt to fast-travel through Uisini. These life forms can also duplicate themselves with ease, and some powerful entities can even “rip” through logic in order to make huge changes to Uisini.
These “waves” are due to the fact that abrupt yearly changes can completely override the object types of objects within Uisini, causing them to “lose” objects of certain types like energy, matter, consciousness, etc (the first three listed are the most common to be “lost” due to their more intense nteractions).
Structure
[
]
Rather than being one mostly continuous vacuum with a few things here and there like the Universe, the Uisini has patches of vaccums and other stuff all over the place. The Uisini is even connected with
Energyverse
and
Matterverse
; the two were both originally part of Uisini before they flew due to the insanity of Uisini. Many other universes have flown off from Uisini, which is why Uisini is constantly shrinking.
Puddle-like stars are scattered everywhere, and planets are rare. These stars thrive due to their size and their stronger connections between matter and energy.
Life typically lives on the puddle-like stars, and somehow thrives, although the life is simple.
History
[
]
4,000,000
OYC
ago, which is when Uisini formed, it was a traditional universe. However, it collided with another
The Tower
, causing a hole to open. This then stretched out the realm of logic responsible for behavior of energy, then split it into two identical “clones”. The first clone was responsible for energy, while the second clone was responsible for the logic controlling object types and where they point. As a result of this, object types are a mess in Uisini; object types constantly change type and have energy-like behavior.
During a period of extreme chaos, the area inbetween the center and the edges was forming ordered patterns, which eventually formed DNA, which of course lead to life. This life was known as
Zibytes
.
These Zibytes then learned to exploit the disorder of Uisini in order to fast travel, and later construct nests out of logic-crystals, an extremely strong substance that is used in order to form logical connections. Eventually, Zibytes colonized the edges of Uisini due to the immense resources and the fact that they were more prepared with logic-crystal shelters.
During this time, a concept similar to radiation affected these Zibytes, causing them to evolve into human-like beings. With their intelligence, they started importing huge structures to nearby nations, with a logic-nanotube spring attached in order to connect to the Uisini.
For a while, things were going well for the Zibytes for a while. Unfortunately, external forces had to ruin it. A nearby civilization, the
Zabits
, were producing
Glitchonicite
, and were a threat to the Zibytes. They then had to make the big decision of declaring war in order to have a monopoly on the "glitchy stuff" business, which at the time, was going wild in their local Tower.
The Zabits then forcefully applied Glitchonicite all over the Zibytes, causing a virus to spread that infected the Zibytes. However, the Uisini reset, and the Zibytes rose from the dead a few years later. The Zibytes' move was to mercilessly destroy matter within the Zabit's universe, causing them to die off. Unlike the Zibytes, they didn't reset because the Zabit's verse was more "normal".
The Zabits weren't gone. A few were still there. They then surrendered, and realized that economic dominance is the true way. The Zabits and Zibytes prospered well together, and even created a hub between their universes which evolved into a modern version of
The Glitch Space
.
To this day, the united two conquered the First Realm by climbing up an indescribable amount of realities, and to this day, now only use their powers to prevent things from becoming "boring"; they keep the First Realm one of the most interesting places.