The
5th Temporal War
was an extremely long and complicated conflict that took place over a number of
verses
. It followed after the events of the 4th Temporal War that took place some time before. During the war, an estimated 7,950,000,000,000,000 (7.95 quadrillion) deaths were caused with many other casualties and over 9,000,000
planets
were destroyed with many more being displaced in the Nothing.
Pre-War (89,960 2.O.T. - 90,000 2.O.T.)
[
]
This period is frequently referred to as the Tremor Time. When the Fourth Temporal war drew to a close in the late 88th millennia, many of the old time mercenaries became defunct. Large masses of newly unemployed mercenaries were clogging the temporal reception points of many verses, especially in the Teal and Rouge sectors. To solve this, the local Level 3 and Level 4 governments operated a number of astro-bus channels to house these displaced mercenaries on safe developing planets. This transportation network was known as the Free Refuge Web (FRW).
Displaced mercenaries and other groups that had been made redundant after the Fourth Temporal War were quickly circulated on this network and by 89,965 ten million
entities
were delivered to planets on the FRW map every day. Around 89,000 planets were selected for the FRW program, most of which had working Level 1 governments or several national sub-scale governments. Communication with these governments and the galactic and versal liaisons of the Level 3 and 4 civilizations who were operating the FRW was brief and the arrival for the refugees was poorly planned.
Many of the governments of the selected planets had never even established astral communication with other civilizations and their local transport systems were not equipped to deal with the influx of sudden refugees. A good example of this was the planet Urloniks that was run by a number of continental regimes. The planet was situated within the Level 3 and 4 governments' co-op territory and had been selected for the FRW. The planet's state communications systems were identified and were sent an ultrasound beam message briefing them on the situation. However, the people of Urloniks had not yet developed ultrasound decoding and by the time the message was deciphered the astro-busses carrying the refugees had already arrived and there had been no plan put in place to allow them to make land. The busses crowded the air stations.
At Poirtelei, the planet's largest air vessel station, the crowding and cramping became so serious that a riot broke out. Within a day, locals became enraged by these aliens blocking their system and violence soon erupted. Former mercenaries quickly banded together into gangs and took to looting and armed robbery. The station could be seen from miles around as flames and exploding vehicles lit up the structure. After four days, the chaos spilled into the streets. Security forces tried to deal with the situation but faced difficulty against the onslaught of malicious former mercenaries and furious residents. Several buildings were bombed in the riot that lasted for three weeks. It is thought that at least 3,000 were killed and 10,000 were injured. The city's infrastructure didn't recover until months after the incident.
This was only one of many similar events that took place on other FRW planets.