Amalgametronome
A room inside the Amalgametronome's anomaly, with pictures taken every 5 ticks, however this image is redundant, as it cannot be told weather it shows the camera amalgamating or the room.
General Info
Size
254,000 Light Years (Anomaly)
152,000 Light Years Tall (Metronome)
EUSI
0.78
Existence Rank
1
Dimensionality
3 (?)
Kardashev Scale
0
Physical Properties
Average Temperature
Impossible to calculate
Class
1 (?)
Life %
Very Likely
Population
Absolutely impossible to calculate.
Shape
Spherical (Anomaly)
Trapezoidal (Metronome)
Position
Contains
Many, many things.
Contained By
Tremendous-1500
Neighbors
Leo-Taurus Hypercluster Supercomplex
Generalized Description
[
]
The Amalgametronome is an anomaly found in the Trildlindiam claim of the TREMENDOUS-1500 universe. It takes the appearance of a large metronome on top of an enormous sphere of space-time distortion. The metronome's speed changes by 1 BPD (Beats Per [Earth] Day), negatively or positively is chosen at seemingly random, the change seems to happen once every 20 to 38 earth hours. Any method behind this is completely unknown. The fastest it's ever reached is 397BPD, and the slowest it's ever reached is 2BPD, it is unknown if there is a positive or negative limit to these values.
Every time the metronome ticks, everything inside the anomaly shifts, contorts and unbalances (again; with seemingly no pattern), the severity of which depends on the current BPD of the metronome. No accurate way of measuring this dependence has been made, although there has been research that heavily implies it. Despite the changes of mass, form, and various other aspects of every object known to have entered or exited the Amalgametronome, time does not seem to be affected by the ticks whatsoever, which would break the purpose of the metronome itself, as said metronome is separate from the anomaly, and (to our knowledge,) controls it.
The Room Experiment
[
]
During the second technological revolution, a room from an abandoned building was thrown into the anomaly with a camera inside of it. The results proved the amalgamating nature of the anomaly, but not the severity, as it's unclear if the camera or the room itself is being affected more. The pictures taken are shown below.
Any additional information will be added to this page over time :).