"
Hippity hoppity don't edit my property
" - Lucky1UP
Attention: R C S is coming... is official lore of Glitgalt-12
. That means if you want to edit Lucky1UP's articles without permission, you must edit it to correct mistakes and not to override and retcon things from
Category:Lore of Glitgalt-12
.
⚠︎
Attention
⚠︎
: This is the
"Order of Universe Codename: 'Transcend-Delta'"
(OoUCTD)
We have detected that another god-like being from another universe has come to the Puffian Solar System
"Glitgalt-Qahk-Yot"
or
"Glitgalt-12"
. This being from
"Universe Address 16.11.13.14"
is known as something, but speaking its name as will alert it to the solar system's location, that being our base and where this was written. We will refer to the being as
"26.5.21.19"
, or just 26.
26.5.21.19 is a genderless quadrupedal goat-like figure capable of flight of
over quadruple light speed
that measures in around 23 ft. and 16 in., and that might be it's shortest because it can change it's size at any time. It also has green eyes with red irises. 26 is detected to have a bright aura around it, being described as "holy" and "judgmental" and 26 also has some golden ring-wheel-cross whatchamacallit with four emeralds on it around its abdomen. It's recorded that 26's hooves are as sharp as 10,000 knives and its mind god-like,
if not beyond that of a normal god
.
26's temper can be triggered very easily
and doesn't tolerate "fools" and "betrayers" that anger him and holds grudges that could last until the end of it's own universe. It also has some other  whatchamacallits that allow 26 to change into multiple forms, but for the sake of an ASAP ordered by my boss, we will not be discussing them.
Even though it has known to be calm and caring for all at times,
do not try to encounter or "please" 26
at all costs.
It could cost your life, and maybe even your journey to the underworld as a whole if you die by him.
He might be staying in this universe for about 10 weeks till it returns to Universe Address 16.11.13.14, which might be his creation.
This is the OoUCTD, signing off. Thank you for listening.
⚠︎
Update
⚠︎
: This is the
"Order of Universe Codename: 'Transcend-Delta'"
(OoUCTD)
We have confirmed that 26 is not leaving any time soon. Keep watch of the god-like entity of all costs.