Bornhead of the
Age
1 minute
Size
1 centimeter
Knowledge
Almost nothing
Power
It can move around i guess
Goals
To take over the universe
Bornhead of the is a really bad cosmic entity. Its goal is to take over the universe, but its best attempt is covering a chair. It doesn't even know what taking over the universe is, but it thinks it can do it.
Why it is bad
[
]
Bornhead of the doesn't have much space in its brain, so it can't learn much. Therefore, it is pretty stupid and thinks it can just take over the universe automatically. It thinks it already has and that it owns the universe now because it thinks that covering a chair is taking over the universe because it is taking over a part of the universe.
This logic is typical for young people, but for Bornhead of the, this is perfectly logical, even at maximum intelligence.
Achievements
[
]
Its achievements obviously do not include taking over the universe, since it literally can't do that. However, it did win the record for the lamest cosmic entity because of how much it tries to take over the universe. Remember, it does
attempt
to take over the universe and puts in a lot of effort, but it never pays off and it just does the same thing over and over without realizing it.
Therefore, it still got recognition from this phenomenon, but it is still infamous and it doesn't know that it even has recognition for being lame and it doesn't know that it won this achievement. The only thing it thinks is that it took over the universe and that is it.
Appearance
[
]
Bornhead of the is a very weird looking thing, because it is just a bunch of scribbles. This is because it is the basis for containing the low-data brain so it doesn't know much, and they are basically just used to move around. They are also flexible and can change size and stretch, which allowed it to cover the chair. However, that's about it. There really isn't much to say about this thing because it hasn't achieved much, but its brain is actually pretty interesting.