Concept Eater
Rules over
All concepts.
Age
unknown
Power
Can destroy or create any concepts.
Species
Unknown
Introduction
[
]
Concept Eater
is a cosmic entity which can destroy or create any concept he wants to. This makes it extremely difficult to ascertain what Concept Eater actually is as it is essentially a crucible of ideas melting and writhing in the process of being ultimately destroyed and therefore made non-existent.
This means that the idea of Concept Eater itself is almost lost in the ever-shifting sea of abstract thought substance that is itself. It is debated whether Concept Eater itself even knows or keeps track of what its own being is or its purpose anymore. It is theorised that Concept Eater was once a basic
cognostractavore
that came to possess an ability whereby it could control and consume complex thought structures on an ultimate scale.
Existence
[
]
Unfortunately, we will probably never know what this original entity was or understand its nature. Recently, more concept eaters have been found, even multiple concept eaters have been found to coexist in the same verses. Most of these concept eaters, however, are incapable of affecting superconceptual structures to the same extent that they can control normal concepts.
No interactions or attempted interactions from a concept eater to directly affect a superconcept has been observed thus far, so it is unknown if these basic concept eaters are capable of controlling superconceptual objects and entities. This is major cause for concern. It is also unknown if higher concept eaters could affect post-class verses, due to the limit of higher conceptuality (superconceptuality and beyond) not being known. If it has an end in the class systems, then it can't affect post-class verses such as
6
. If it does not end in the class systems, then a higher concept eater could potentially destroy
6
, which would be the end of every currently known cosmology. Communication has been briefly established with certain specimens, but the motives of such specimens in question were not ascertained in the very small amount of time where they could be communicated with.
The concept eater is very weird.