A
dimension
is a linear factor
multiplied
with an existing space to increase its scalability. Vaguely, a point along a dimensional line, and a point along a lower-dimensional space, indicates the existence of a point in a space with one more dimension. However, the line used to expand the dimensionality of a space needs to be strictly defined to avoid the
Banach–Tarski paradox
.
Additionally, a point in a dimensional space always can be either contained or not contained by a tangible object.
Dimensions do not follow a strict numbering scheme; there is no one and only "first dimension". The numbering of a dimension corresponds to an index its coordinate set, which is ill-defined. For example, the set of all possible A in (A,B,C) would correspond to the "first dimension".
Any green point in 1D and any red point in 2D implies the existence of a blue point in 3D, with coordinates merged from both the 1D and 2D spaces.
Examples
[
]
While it is borderline impossible for humans to imagine anything remotely 4 dimensional, beings from the 4th dimension find 3rd dimensional life
just as baffling
. Same thing downwards; 0 dimensions may be the lowest dimension we can visualize through the normal concept of space, but not only is negative-dimensional space used in earthly science, but also is a real subsection of Reality,
just not in the exact way we think.
It is currently unknown as to whether life can exist in every
dimension
, the only way to find out if a dimension
n
{\displaystyle n}
can support life is to find a lifeform inside of said dimension, and this has been done for so many dimensions
positive, negative, imaginary, complex, hypercomplex,
N
O
R
(
+
,
−
)
{\displaystyle NOR(+,-)}
, and more, that the number can not be accurately described using symbols, but is over
θ
{\displaystyle \theta}
in all cases.
There is no known logical way to find out, so brute-forcing is required.
Reality
contains an independent set of dimensions and geometries from other Realms. Anything inaccessible through the concepts of native dimensions is not considered part of this Reality, but
other-Realmly
.