Note: narrated sections start with the symbol "|". It is also recommended to swap bethween mobile and desktop view on mobile if necessary, since in some devices some of the source code (like colored text, for example) can't load / doesn't function properly in one of the views.
Contents
1
Summary
2
Story
2.1
Prologue
2.2
Arrival
2.3
New company
2.4
Discovered strength
2.5
New lifeforms
2.6
The first fights
2.7
Earthrot
3
Footnotes
Summary
[
]
Corrus, Roko, Plotty and Fugax are sent to find the first Raw porkchop. They aren't the only lifeforms in the area, though.
Story
[
]
Prologue
[
]
|Oh yea, the good ol'
Fleshverses
. What is a Fleshverse, you may ask? Imagine a
planet
-like structure of absurd proportions (as in several billion light years large) that is fully made of flesh (hence the name). That's basically a Fleshverse.
Unlike normal
Universes
, their borders are solid and made of even more meat. Lifeforms can be found both inside the Fleshverses and on top of their borders, though these greatly vary in their morphology. What are those differences, and how will our protagonists survive ane succeed here? Keep reading, and find out!
Arrival
[
]
|Corrus, Roko, Plotty and Fugax were instantly teleported to the Fleshverse after their somewhat long conversation with their creator,
Idontknow350
, who gave them the task to search the first out of the nine existant artifacts known as "Raw porkchops". They obviously were a bit surprised at first due to the sudden change of locations. This red plain was certainly... something.
Nothing relevant was even happening yet. The environement was peaceful, but the simple sight of an entire universe made of organic matter made the view quite impressive, if not a bit disgusting too.
—W-What just happened?! WHAT EVEN IS THIS PLACE?!— The change of area really affected Roko. Just a few moments ago they were simple
Blueprint Particles
in some random void, before Idontknow350 appeared, completly changed their former identity and made them start this journey. It wouldn't be easy to fully get used to it.
—Dude, please chill. If I remember correctly, Idontknow mentioned something about some "giant flying creatures" being here, so let's not do too much noise in order to avoid danger.— Said Corrus, in an attempt to calm his teammate down, which ended up being somewhat effective, bringing Roko back to his senses, for now at least.
—Fine... but seriously, where the f#ck are we?— Roko still had a lot of questions, though.
—I-I dont know, but it's gross...— Said Fugax. To be honest, she has a good point, since the entire place was quite the rancid one due to its properties.
|Suddenly, Roko's body starts beeping, for some reason. Something was being activated, and it was making that noise on purpose to make the others notice its presence. Corrus and Fugax were caught off guard at first because of the noise, but that was it: a small surprise. Though, in Plotty's case...
—HE BECAME A BOMB! RUN!!— Said Plotty. Though, since for some reason no one else believed that, they didn't pay attention to him, so he just walked a few meters away just in case things got messy.
|Right after that, a somewhat small device appears in front of Roko, materializing instantly. That was the source of the beeping, so he stopped doing the noise. Thankfully for everyone (specially for Plotty), it wasn't a bomb or a threat at all, but instead a new teammate.
New company
[
]
|Everyone is so confused that they aren't even able to ask what just happened to Roko or what this... thing? is, before it scans the area they're in and starts speaking:
—This is a "Fleshverse".— Whatever this device is answered the question Roko had just a few moments ago.
|Despite that, Roko is obviously still confused, since he doesn't know what this tool that materialized in front of him is supposed to be. He puts his nervousness regarding this place aside for now. He didn't even let the device keep answering his previous question regarding what this realm was, either.
—...Who tf are you?— His question towards the machine is, certainly, quite simple and direct.
|The device quickly replies and introduces itself without stuttering:
—Im a program inside you known as the Astonishingly Smart System, or A.S.S. for short. Im the one responsible of gathering and storing information when you need it. (A.S.S.)
|That's quite THE name, isn't it?
That didn't fully distract Roko though, as he still was more focused on knowing what this "smart system" really was and if it was or wasn't evil. A funny name doesn't make you a good guy (or device) by default, after all.
—That name... sucks. But okay, that's not the main point. Since when are you here?? (Roko)
—I was designed by Idontknow350 as a tool to help you and the others in the team.— This new information made the... uhm...
System
more trustable for the others.
|Even after that, Corrus really wanted that ABOMINATION of a name (more like the resulting acronym of it) gone, so he replies:
—If you're a "smart" tool, does that mean we can change whatever that name is and you'll be able to remember it?
—Yes. (A.S.S.)
|Despite what he himself said just a few seconds ago, Roko actually finds the name amusing.
—Nah, keep it like that. It's funny just because of how bad it is. (Roko)
—THE NAME IS LITERALLY AS- (Corrus)
—Im the owner of this thing. Im the one who will name it. (Roko)
—Ruqo is right... wait, was that your name?— Plotty doesn't even remember his teammate's name.
|Roko is heavily dissapointed of him.
—...No.
|The System then interrupts them before they keep saying stupid things and getting into more goofy arguments that contribute nothing to the trip, revealing something... interesting.
—I hate my designed name too.
|The device isn't only smart, but it is revealed to also has feelings, because why not?
Roko finds this annoying because even the tool itself is now complaining about their own name too. He's in a losing position now.
Because of that, he doesn't even try keeping the old name anymore because of this, giving up.
—FINE, what name do you even want?! (Roko)
—I think "Astonish" is a good alternative. (A.S.S.)
—Agreed. (Corrus)
—Okay. (Roko)
—Yippie. (Astonish)
|Even though the device doesn't have a visual way to show happiness, it's easy to tell it likes the new name way more, once again showing it has some form of feelings.
—Now, could you let me continue explaining the gained data of this place?
—Yes.
—Good. So, a Fleshverse is an organic Universe mostly made of, well, flesh. Their borders have the same material too, and lifeforms can be found both in and on them. You're all standing on a Fleshverse's borders right now.
—Gross...— Said Fugax. She still wasn't used to this place, and to be honest she did have a point.
—Can you help us find the artifact Idontknow mentioned? (Corrus)
—Yes. In fact, that's one of the main reasons I was made. (Astonish)
|The device then shows the location of the Raw porkchop on a grid, indicating it is roughly a million kilometers away. Literally.
—...wtf. (Roko)
—I guess we REALLY need to start moving then... (Corrus)
|The device then dissapeared since it was no longer needed for now, as the four entities finally started to travel across the Fleshverse. Even though the place was quite amusing due to the things it featured, it got boring after a few minutes since everything looked pretty much the same: a flat red surface made of meat. There was some deformations on the surface making structures such as mountains, but nothing too impressive compared to what was already seen. Sometimes they made comments about them, but mostly about how bizarre and gross they looked like.
As weird as this sounds like, at one point they even attempted to taste the borders' flesh a bit, out of curiosity and boredom. It actually didn't taste bad (for them at least, though I doubt other entities should attempt doing the same), but despite that they didn't keep eating after the first try. That'd be too gross.
Eventually they stopped caring about the flesh's taste, just like the other previously seen things. This journey would 100% start to get from boring to straight up desperating at this pace.
Discovered strength
[
]
—WHEN IS THING GOING TO BE OVER?!— Plotty was the one being affected the most. Let's just say patience is not his greatest virtue...
—NO ONE HERE KNOWS, SO STOP SCREAMING!— Even Fugax is getting frustated because of the situation.
—Wait a second... didn't Idontknow tell us that we had our strength increased by a lot? Maybe we could try doing very large jumps instead of just walking.— Yep. Corrus casually made everyone remember something that could've been very helpful since the very beginning, just like that.
—WHY DID YOU NOT REMINDS US OF THAT BEFORE?!? (Plotty)
—I WOULD HAVE REMEMBERED IT EARLIER IF THE ROBOT HELPED!
—Thats rude as f#ck bro. (Roko)
—NOT YOU, THE OTHER ROBOT! THE DEVICE! (Corrus)
|Astonish appears upon its mention.
—I thought you knew about that beforehand. Not my fault.
—Well, now that Corrus mentioned it, I guess it could work... should we do a countdown to time the jump properly, since we dont know how strong it can be for now? (Roko)
—If one of you ends up messing the jump and ends up in some other part of this place I can still track them, don't worry. Go ahead.
—I still don't want to risk being found by one of those "giant flying" things if one of us separates from the rest by accident. If we are close to eachother it might be easier to defeat them.
—Fair.
|The device then dissapears since it's no longer needed for now. Everyone quickly gets prepared to do one big leap.
—Well... are yall ready?
—I guess so. (Plotty)
—Okay then, to the count of three... one, two, THREE!
|Everyone jumps at the same time, but what they didn't expect was the sheer force this huge leap would end up having.
Saying the jump was "strong" would be an understatement. In fact, everything in a radius of several hundreds of kilometers away from where they did it was devastated due to the kinetic energy that was produced because of the move.
Something similar happened on a much smaller scale when they landed after a few seconds, though none of the entities had any injuries because of this. They obviously didn't expect such result from the jump, though. It took them a few seconds to procesate what just happened.
—...okay, NOW I understand why he told us we were capable of fighting the giant monsters. (Roko)
—HOW MUCH DISTANCE DID WE EVEN TRAVEL IN THAT SINGLE MOVE?! (Fugax)
|Astonish appears again, replying Fugax's question before leaving once more.
—Roughly 50000 kilometers.
—Wtf. (Corrus)
|They remained shocked for a while, until they finally noticed this part of the Fleshverse had quite a lot of differences compated to the one they previously were in. First, the flesh mountains here were far taller than the ones 50000 kilometers ago, being several kilometers tall now.
New lifeforms
[
]
|Despite the impressive view these structures gave, they still weren't the main difference. Several gigantic spheres made of flesh were floating several kilometers high (slighty above the mountains), looking like small organic moons. Despite this, they weren't that. They simply could NOT be moons, something was off regarding them.
Corrus tried to somehow make the device come back so it could see them, which fortunately for them did happen. He then asked it about what those fleshy orbs were, which made Astonish reveal something quite concerning.
—Those are hatcheries of the giant creatures you were talking about before. (Astonish)
—Should we destroy them, then? (Plotty)
—That'd cause more trouble than necessary.
—Are they... dangerous to us? (Corrus)
—Not for now, since the ones inside them aren't even born yet. The structures are basically their eggs.
—I guess we are safe in that case...
—I still think we shouldn't do a leap like the one we did before though, because who knows how much noise we already made because of it? (Roko)
—What do you expect us to do instead, then? Keep moving which is very slow? Or fly? (Corrus)
|Roko gets an idea because of that last thing Corrus first said as a sarcastic comment.
—Have we even tried doing the latter?
—...No.
|This gives Roko the opportunity to test if they had a flight ability, so he replies:
—Let me test real quick then.
|Roko then jumps, obviously with way less force than before though so the previous incident doesn't repeat. He's capable of floating with ease.
—Well... that was... way easier than what I expected it to be. I guess everyone needs to try now.
|It barely took the others a few attempts to do the same, meaning everyone already learned how to properly fly.
—THAT WAS IT? WE DIDN'T EVEN NEED TO TRAIN OR SOMETHING!— Plotty is both surprised and dissapointed things were so easy to learn.
—
Be grateful I didn't make yall have a whole filler episode focused on training your flight, mf.
—What.
|Everyone turned to see where was the voice coming from, but he was already gone.
—D-Did yall hear what I heard...?
|An uncomfortable silence takes over the area for a few seconds.
—Let's... let's just pretend that was our imagination, playing tricks on us... yea... (Roko)
|As they were procesating what just happened (and / or if they already went insane because of the stupid Fleshverse), YET AGAIN something weird happens right after the previous event: a small object suddenly went zooming through the sky with a speed of several thousands of kilometers per second, and as soon as everyone noticed it (yes, they do have the reaction speed to not miss it completly), it was already gone...
—Im going to say this again, I hate this place so MUCH!— Said Roko. He's once again starting to get desperate due to all the recent bullsh#t. This Fleshverse is a mess...
|Whatever went flying also passed and pierced through some of the eggs and mountains, though it did so with so much force due to the kinetic energy it ended up vaporizing them, so there wasn't even a risk of most of the chunks falling and hitting the surface of the Fleshverse. The only exception was one single egg that actually managed to crash, though it was a few kilometers away from the area they were in. The entire place was deformed because of the flying object, even the ground which now had fractures everywhere and was below ground level due to being crushed because of the force released by the object's speed. Luckily for the team, they had enough durability to not be crushed or injured because of this.
This time they didn't even bother asking about the situation anymore, since at least other previous weird events that happened to them in this Fleshverse were just that: weird, not real threats. Whatever went flying could be an actual threat that could come back for them, so they prepare to square up agaisnt it in case it returns for them.
Something unexpected then took place, distracting them from their original possible target: The only egg that somehow "survived" started to shake and do noise, as all the movement and chaos that previously took place forced the entity within it to come out.
—...Oh. And now there's that too. Great. (Roko)
|Fugax gets behind Corrus, terrified of the situation. She's even shivering at this point.
This wasn't the moment to escape, as they didn't know if the creature inside the egg would follow them if left alive.
Along with that, the group didn't only remember what they were supposed to do agaisnt these entities, but they also had enough of this place's bullsh#t already, so they had even more desire to finally stand up for themselves because of this.
Everyone got prepared (or tried, at least) to fight agaisnt whatever entity inside the fleshy structure was, which was already managing to cause earthquakes because of its sheer size. It didn't wait any longer to fight, either.
From the hatchery, a giant worm-like beast quickly released itself from its shell, standing at over several hundreds of meters long. Its dark green skin was so thick and hard, it looked more like it was made of minerals rather than of organic matter. It also had enormous jaws and one giant glowing red eye, made of millions if not billions of way smaller ones, though in some sections of it there was no glowth, since it wasn't fully developed yet.
The first fights
[
]
|The group definitelly started to regret their recklessness now, as for them this was the equivalent of accidentally triggering a final boss fight. The monster started screeching, facing towards the sky, enraged due to all the recent commotion, just to launch itself towards the group right after noticing them, since all of its semi-eyes allowed it to have a very powerful sight despite not being fully developed.
—AAAAAHHHHH!— Fugax starts screaming.
—SCREW THIS SH#T, RAAAAHHH— Says Plotty, as he tries doing the "super jump" the group did a few minutes ago agaisnt the entity in an attempt to ram it, which... does work.
|In fact, the worm's upper half gets blown to pieces by Plotty's ram. Instantly. It didn't even get to react to the attack.
Corrus, Roko and Fugax don't even know how to react to what Plotty just managed to do. The creature's lower half hit the ground with a lot of force, though at this point they don't even care about the terrain shaking anymore.
—HAHAHAHAH I WON! THESE FLYING CREATURES ARE SO WEAK! (Plotty)
|Astonish had to correct that last thing he said, though. This time it spoke from within Roko, since it didn't bother to physically appear anymore:
—That was a newborn.
—Well... yea, but...
|Plotty knows the device is right.
—...Damn.
|Even if that worm was gone now, that didn't mean trouble would stop yet. The ground started shaking again, with more strength as the seconds passed.
—AND NOW WHAT?!— Said Roko, since he expected things to be over already.
—Its screeching seems to have attracted more of them. (Astonish)
|More of the worms started to emerge from the ground, just like Astonish predicted. All of them were far larger than the previous one, since these were more developed. Some even stood at over several tens of kilometers long, towering over the fleshy mountains.
Some of them shared the dark green color scheme of the first worm, meanwhile others leaned more into a blue one
Their size and color wasn't the only difference, though: these ones had fully developed eyes, some undeveloped limbs and the largest ones even had appendages on their back which ressembled undeveloped wings.
At first they looked at the remains of the newborn specimen, then at the ones that did it.
—I-I mean, the small one was easy to kill, right...? These can't be so bad either, RIGHT?! (Plotty)
—We did travel tens of thousands of kilometers in one jump, so we may have a chance due to our strength...— Said Roko, who after seeing the first worm die so easily gained some hope.
—That is correct. Go ahead, you can do it. (Astonish)
|The other worms started to roar. They wanted to avenge the small one, and were about to launch towards them.
—Well then... it's TIME TO KILL SOME FLACIDS!— Said Plotty, who also started to fly towards the worms along with Roko and Corrus.
|Fugax didn't follow them, though. She was so scared of these things, she couldn't even move. Her teammates didn't even notice that, though.
One of the worms started to shoot tons of red plasma projectiles from its eye towards Plotty. The first ones hit him, but they somehow dealt no damage to him. Their lack of accuracy also made them quite easy to dodge for him. After reaching its head, the worm tried to eat him, but Plotty punched it with so much force it exploded.
Plotty then saw a bunch of the worms being hit by a massive explosion, which instantly reduced them to pieces. Roko was the one that caused it, since he learned his body could generate tons of weapons he could use in combat. To be more specific, his hands could reshape into weapons.
The second largest worm then got instantly erased from existence by Corrus, who also started to learn about his own abilities. Other worms also shared the same fate.
Finally, after tons of worms were defeated, only the largest one remained. Plotty, Roko and Corrus were prepared to fight it, now that they learned a bit about their potential strength. Before they were able to launch towards it though, the worm randomly imploded and a giant beam of fire turned it into dust. Everyone then noticed Fugax did it.
—D-Did I do it right? (Fugax)
—I guess so. (Roko)
—These fights have been way too easy... are you guys sure these were the main threats? (Corrus)
—They aren't. (Astonish)
—But they had wings, weren't those the "giant flying beasts" Idontknow mentioned to us?
—Did you see them fly? No. Those also were young specimens.
Earthrot
[
]
|Then, the ground once again starts to shake with even more strength than before. Within seconds a giant... tube? started to emerge from the ground. It was hundreds of times wider and longer than the worms. Even as it kept on emerging, Corrus still wasn't too worried about it.
—Ohh... t-that's the adult, right? Its just an oversized specime-
|Then, when the "tube" reached a certain height, it started to bend and within seconds it hit the ground with so much force everyone got sent a huge distance back. It wasn't a worm, but instead something far worse.
—WHAT IS THAT?! (Roko)
—That's not its full body, by the way. (Astonish)
|That tube was a leg. Then, another one appeared and did the same as the first limb, crashing down on the surface. Then, its head emerged, followed by its thorax and another set of legs, then followed by yet another set and its abdomen. What was once a terrain full of flesh was now a huge hole where this monster came from.
It stood up, dwarfing everything else on the area. It was as tall as a small planet, making the worms look like nothing but tiny particles in comparison. Its wings, fully developed unlike its brethren, had the span of entire continents. Its dark blue skin had a similar texture to the one the younger specimens had, along with an also similar red giant eye. It didn't only have a giant jaw, but also a proboscis that came out of its mouth.
THIS was the creature Idontknow originally mentioned to its creations, as a thing they MUST defeat. And, worst of all...
—That thing you're seeing... is a juvenile. A juvenile
Earthrotter
. (Astonish)
Earthrotter
—————————
Decomposer of worlds
Footnotes
[
]
Episode 3: Confrontation
is now available!
Large Page
We are to inform you, Journey to the pork/Fleshrot I is
a very large page
. Pages longer than 10 - 20kB may lag on lower-end devices. Proceed with risk if you have such a device!
"Who actually reads these?" - fish (2023)