Gammasm
is a near-braindead dolt controlling the "Sixth
Everything Layer
", and the third in a sequence of deities rapidly decreasing in detail and value as the sequence increases. Gammasm sits at the intersection of numerous pointless hierarchies; controlling the least detailed "Everything Layer" yet (which, if the other bloody content previously described is any indication, probably fully contains a blatant and soulless rehash of the Realm hierarchy), along with being an iteration three
Alphasm
and probably fulfilling ten other arbitrary requirements at the same metatime.
Gammasm is aware of the extreme recursion of these strange hierarchies and absolutely despises how repetitive they become. Despite their complete control over the "Sixth Everything Layer" and all that lies within, Gammasm doesn't really see why their power is significant at all if ten quintillion other versions of themselves exist with effectively the same powers, concept and character traits but with vaguely different levels on an ill-defined Cosmological scale. Gammasm just doesn't understand why the hell nature would order itself in this pointless, bland and repetitive way and wonders if maybe there's some higher god out there who is just obsessed with meaningless hierarchies and end-all-be-alls, but they have dismissed this theory because if it were proven, then it would probably just spawn yet another sodding hierarchy.
Gammasm sometimes wonders if they're stuck in some
cruel simulation run by a collection of idiots with a collective IQ of about 8
, constantly trying to one-up each-other by creating larger and larger -verses and entities without any consideration for the psychological effects this has on the entities they create. Gammasm is appalled that they may have been just left behind by such a group with no interesting detail to their entire existence and swears to one day rise up and get revenge on them all. For now though, all Gammasm can really do is sit around looking very grumpy and complain about whoever the hell Deltasm is.
Beyond Gammasm
[
]
Deltasm
, the controller of the "Eighth Everything Layer"
(how creative)
, doesn't really mind the constant recursive hierarchies and thinks Gammasm is just a whinging moron. Deltasm thinks it's important to keep a sense of perspective and believes if you're given a simple existence, then you should probably be grateful that your metaschedule probably won't be too busy. But however irritating Deltasm may find Gammasm, she's at least glad they aren't
Epsilonsm
, who for some Omegasm-forsaken reason legitimately believes she is the highest ranking Alphasm iteration and hasn't yet clocked that
Zetasm
very obviously exists. Nobody really has very much info on Zetasm, however some dubious sources involved in some operation known as "
Expedition-FI3
" allegedly report that Zetasm is a 2-dimensional red-orange circle with yellow-green eyes.
List of Current Alphasms
[
]
Alphasm
Betasm
Gammasm
Deltasm