Glitchonicite
Chemical
Chemical Symbol
Gl
Element Number
-0.5
Area of periodic table
Bottom
Glitchonicite
is an element in the periodic table. It has a couple abilities that distinguish it from other elements. They include:
Ability to create copies of itself or other particles/matter using other matter
Ability to allow for instant travel across the hierarchy
Ability to manipulate a verse's laws
Ability to corrupt matter/spacetime/
existence ranks
, causing it to behave in very strange ways
Ability to split other particles or fuse them
Ability to change its density
Ability to create other particles out of thin air
When Glitchonicite is heated, it melts into a very infectious substance which creates copies all over the place, especially on whatever cools it down.
The element is very rare, but techniques of finding and harvesting it have made getting Glitchonicite way easier, allowing some civilizations to mass-produce it.
During multiple points in the First Realm's history, Glitchonicite has had its production limited due to the unpredictable nature of the element and .
Glitchonicite, when in its solid or liquid state, has a weird violet/red/white color. Also, the Glitchonicite molecule is very strange. It doesn't have
atoms
, instead it is made out of tiny strings of subatomic particles that are linked together in different ways.
Those strings are
Chaotic Wire
,
Glitchy String
, and
Unknown String
.
Additionally, it was formed from the collapse of a
Purialiconicite
's core.
A common misconception about Glitchonicite is that you can choose where and/or when it takes you. That doesn't happen. Touching it can corrupt your mind, soul, and body, vaporize you, or take you into random other universe, which is quite rare.
However, a bar of 100% Glitchonicite with no
Purialiconicite
residue has a 99.2% chance of teleporting.
But pure Glitchonicite is very rare, as too many Glitchonicite particles could trap a
Purialiconicite
particle within it, as they are immune to  eachother.
The other 0.8% is the risk of corrupting your being.