Huahga Kna
Natural Position
Contained by
Junkverse
Contains
Aluminium
Scale
Dimensionality
5555556
Diameter
3 kilometers 315 meters
Kardashev Scale
6
Huahga Kna is a black and red and blue thing that lies on a black background in a the Junkverse in the Junkverse.
It has a warp in black and red with disturbances and islands and bends and dents with corners on singularity bends where the red stuff goes into a point from too much bending.
There is a blue square ring that is behind the red and black mess that does nothing except for hunting people from the Multiverse and social matter with distancing personality thay mensula killa muamua tsetse flies.
The biggest verse is the Omniverse which is a thing that is yellow and big and shiny aquit.
19th red and blue ring of 5555 goof the red and black of blue ring from the black and could've blocked the concept of a lot of weird cult red and the big bang of this Multiverse from the Exaverses that joined the Zettaverses on Universes from that on the.
A mirror exists of this universe that lives on the edge of the space of this void of red and black and blue vestige of black and mad colors of hell that lie beyond us and on the edge of a corner of the president plane.
The true distance of the size and the Junkverse noodle is permanently stuck in place and will never leave the house of its maid from the reality of us and itself from the true Truman Turdeau from that and itself.
The fingers that type these words will end now and the gaussian help of the finality god path laws that fill this black space on the white and red blue and black objects.
Aluminium fills the empty heart of cons of the wrongs of jobs of Huahga Kna and its sister planet, the six planet with 6 moons of intellect but where that begins is unknown and will not be known untill more is known. Kataklysm, uhhhh, leyah. Imperialism is the true end of gateways of this versility of indexes.
7 total rings that acompany me in writing a grave tumble, true words in alphabetical order, positions in position of total relocation. No truth but jumble of ústa. Incoherent writings of gah, the Huahga Kna is a valid bang of untruth but total homogeny of justice. Klea, íkáš, thus in itself of qwerty and the cube of blue.