HyperXule
Scale
Size
128 septillion ly
(Contested)
EUSI
4
Dimensionality
135 or 432 or 27
5
(conjectured)
Properties
Temperature
100.625°K (-172.525°C)
Class
1
Life Percentage
0%
Shape
Unknown
Position
Contained by:
Xicohtlxul
Contains:
XenoXules
A
HyperXule
is a special type of artificial hyperverse that exists within The Xicohtlxul. HyperXule's contain no life but are extremely active and dynamic environments in which extremely large amounts of data are processed and sometimes put into long time cold storage depending on the specific functions and capabilities of the HyperXule in question.
HyperXule's are the fundamental unit of The Xicohtlxul's self-replication routine. That is because hyperverses are the largest naturally occurring archverses, and are very easily generated in a stable environment. Although nothing would naturally form in The Lugubrigothic Speck, this appears to be by design so that freak hyperverses do not spawn and effect the operation of the computer. Instead HyperXule's are able to replicate themselves rapidly and assemble into higher and higher types of archverses seemingly ad infinitum.
The most unique property of a HyperXule, compare to an ordinary hyperverse, is the fact that it builds a verse larger than itself with the same property. This is what kicks off the infinite unterminating process that leads to the Xicohtlxul's constant growth in size. In practice Master Control structures determine when and how Xicohtlxul should grow. It is believed this works on an as-need basis. Thus it grows when a certain task requires more memory to manage. This effectively makes the total memory capacity of The Xicohtlxul effectively infinite, though in practice the algorithms used to produce the extra memory are themselves computable and thus the whole structure can only be of "computable size". Furthermore, it is not instantaneous, and thus real time is needed to expand the memory capabilities. However Xicohtlxul also has theoretically infinite time for processing as it has no laws or processes within The Lugubrigothic Speck to actually decay it. Even if it did, it is known that The Xicohtlxul will repair any damages or aberrations brought about by disturbances, such as those caused by intentional or unintentional visitors.
Size?
[
]
Currently an official statement as to the size and nature of HyperXules has not been released to the public by The Xicoh-Anomaly Research Foundation. This hasn't stopped so called Xi-Enthusiasts from speculating though. A vicious rumor has begun to spread that HyperXules are
exactly
128 septillion light-years across. How this rumor began is unknown, but the two prevailing theories is that it was spread by laymen who assume it's the size of a small hyperverse based on it's name and EUSI value, or that it began as an office joke in the Research Foundation itself by some unscrupulous individual(s).
The Research Foundation has released a statement for those who follow their work, whether in a professional or recreational capacity, that such figures that one may encounter are fictitious and unsubstantiated. However, as to its actual size and dimensions, it's notable that they have refused to elaborate.