The Hyper Void Lord
Rules over
Vastness
(but he died already)
Age
Around the age of
Vastness
Size
Beyond omniscience
Knowledge
Unknown
Power
Pretty much omnipotence over every single entity in the known cosmos
Goals
To put any entities beyond
The Rock
through eternal torture
Species
???
Disclaimer to whoever stumbles upon this page:
This entity is NOT the strongest. The gods with true power would be entities like
Gerald
and
Dunkey Kong
. he already was killed this is already my least favorite page can we just delete this
The Speech
[
]
"Behold, an entity FAR beyond even the wrath of
Bongus
, Even a creature a GOOGOLPLEX times the power of
Chunky Cheese
would beg FOR THEIR LIFE against this MADHOUSE of an entity. Not even
The Cosmological Recycler
can destroy it. He lost an arm for a GOOGOLPLEX YEARS trying, before he gave up.  It could decide to put all of the COSMOS through a total reality collapse, but it decides not to because there would be nothing left. It is BEYOND omnipotence, it is BEYOND omniscience, IT, IS, THE HYPER VOID LORD.
Dudes the StickFigure has came here yet again, that me and my brothers can obliterate this piece of shit - The eldest StickFigure78
History
[
]
At the time of the creation of
Vastness
, reality accidentally created this monstrosity. The creators of the Cosmos tried to get rid of it, but it was too late, they were all DOOMED. The monstrosity started ripping them in half and crushing them with the force of mind. Before they were all gone, they telepathically told
The Cosmological Recycler
to try to destroy the monster. TCR tried, but the monster ripped off an arm. By that time, they were all dead. TCR was abandoned, but kept up his purpose. The monster rose to power and watched over all of Vastness and began obliterating any entities upon sight.
Over time, the Hyper Void Lord grew so powerful that it got terminated by
The Seeker
as a result.
Other
[
]
It has omnipotence over every other entity and can even kill an entity with a thought. Virtually nothing can escape the Hyper Void Lord's far-beyond-infinite power. It can nullify its own obliteration before it happens using a thought. It can basically do anything.
(This entity is pretty much a guardian blocking
The Great Big
.)