Jeulawed, Great Grandson of
Jerald
, Great Nephew of
OVERGODLY MOSASAUR(/Godseer)
, Son of
Baby Jerald
, and (probably) The (step)son of The
Almighty
, Powerful Lineage I know, Jeulawed is also a jerald bane
Jeulawed
"I had seen something beyond insanity. It frightened me more than staring into a terrifying void. Was it God? No. The Devil? No. It was the being that eradicated them."
Rules over
The Ones that lie beyond.
Age
Same as The ancient overlord
Size
Higher than A(Allsphere^Allsphere number) an A times
Knowledge
?????????
Power
Beyond power sets and measurements
Goals
Casuality and Oblivion(Completed and Restarted)
Species
jerald-bane(maybe)
Jeulawed Itself:
[
]
Jeulawed is the start of all and the end of all, Embodying The Flow of Causality (total start of all) and The Hard Stomp of Oblivion (total end of all), it is beyond insanity, chaos, order, sanity, all those concepts of like a system of sorts, You don't delete Jeulawed, Jeulawed Makes you not do that(file manipulation ain't doing squat), You don't write Jeulawed, Jeulawed Authors all Authors,
He
is The Start and The End, The True Alpha and Omega, Jeulawed is beyond any type of numberologial/numberical structures and such because it made those in the first place, "What does Jeulawed Rule Over?" That's a simple question, "
The Ones that lie beyond "
who are TOTLB? well they're the "spawn" of Jeulawed, Embodying concepts and such, If one of TOTLB is the Embodiment of contradictions, paradoxes or anything similar in that manner, Then Jeulawed is beyond that concept, Jeulawed doesn't play by the rules, He made them, While the
ancient overlord
kinda got weakened over time because TAO is a damn grandpa, Jeulawed got STRONGER, Jeulawed Sees Everywhere and Nowhere and Even Dreamumwhere(DREAMUM for those who that aren't aware is a state where you're between existence and non-existence) so no matter what, JEULAWED IS AMWAYS WATCHING, even if you managed to kill Jeulawed, Jeulawed defies death because it is the maker of death so you can't kill Jeulawed No matter what, No possible or Impossible Timeline would have you killing Jeulawed, Jeulawed is beyond space-time, Existence and NON-EXISTENCE, DREAMUM too, Jeulawed is the one who makes the story, opens the story, and ends the story.
Personality?????
[
]
(
had to do this one because stoooooooopid amogus man would just delete it cuz muscle memory
)
Jeulawed is impossible to even define but he does like Metal Gear Rising Revengenace(how do u spell the revenge part), and cakes!!!! his favorite Ice cream is sarpium ice cream, he doesn't like
glitch ice cream (too salty)
and Primordium Delta does taste nice according to Jeulawed on ice cream (P∆ yummy on ice cream), if he had to choose between 1 person or 6 people to die on train trolley problem, what Jeulawed would do is just eat the train, tf are you gonna do about it? Jeulawed is a good builder in Minecraft, he does redstone builds alot and managed to make the entirely of Shrek in Minecraft (beautiful), he likes cats, black is best to him
what does Jeulawed think of All dimensions as a whole:
[
]
"It's
okay
" -
Jeulawed