Jim
Jim in his largest form within the final verse of the first Uneverything Layer
Rules over
The First Uneverything Layer
Age
Older than the first Uneverything Layer
Size
Usually very big, but can be reduced to half a
Universe
Knowledge
Everything in the first and some in the second
Uneverything Layer
Power
Very Strong, enough to control the first Uneverything Layer and all
Everything Layers
below it.
Goals
In progress: Make life interesting, and possibly have it search into the second Uneverything Layer.
Done: Control First Uneverything LayerIncomplete: Get a power boost from native life and conquer higher verses with them (never mentioned, TOG Knowledge only ;))
Species
Jimmid Spherons
Jim is an unfathomably strong entity ruling over the very first
Uneverything Layer
. He is very strong and is not shy to practice his powers when it suits him. Even entities like the
Funy Entities
tremble in his wake as it can easily destroy most cosmic entities, and in short fits of rage, has done so to all below and on the first Uneverything Layer. He was once the strongest cosmic entity recorded, and his mere presence combined with his own reports of behavior has worried scientists. He has the honorary (but very true) title of "
Alphasm
beyond Alphasm" Highly trimmed information is below.
Contents
1
Purges of Life
1.1
First Purge
1.2
Second Purge
2
Biology
Purges of Life
[
]
First Purge
[
]
This happened very, very long ago before Jim had created anything below himself. Jim had discovered that, by far, he was the strongest entity within his region and had flaunted or fought with his power in physical, psionic, and other various power categories, while among the other entities competing for dominance (Most of which were noted not to be Jim's species). Jim decided to erase them all within a single OYC, with the vast size of the then-void not allowing any sort of coalition to form before he consolidated control. He remarks on the event, "It was pretty good for you guys. Even compared to me, those other entities were tyrannical at best and insane at worst! They wouldn't have even created you! Don't even get me started on
Mij
, worst of them all..."
Second Purge
[
]
The second purge happened after Jim had created life, verses, and other cosmic entities to rule over them. He noticed that all of the life was unable to progress past certain stages and, by every one of his metrics, was pathetic. Most were still stuck in Humanity's stage of bickering nationstates of the same species, and none had even claimed Omniversal-leveled territory. He was disappointed in their development, and had changed the "Basic Structure" of life from their hexapodal forms to the recognizable humanoid forms we have today, both with exceptions of course. When asked about this one, he said "The humanoid body plan seemed like something that could be adjusted by the species while also working well for societies. I like it very much indeed! Those other guys were genuinely sad, though Get a time machine, I can show you."
He plans on never committing a third purge within the next few eternities due to our progress as civilizations.
Biology
[
]
Less to speak of than the purges, but still an interesting topic. Jim says that he is not the only one of his species, and that other threats lay above the next verses, those of his own kind. He dubs them the
Jimmid
species, mostly because he is the first we know of. From the information we have, we know their psychology is similar to that of Humands, albiet with less regard of homicide, but they do feel similar (but far more complex varieties of) emotions to humans, with Jim commenting on humans afterwards that, "They're  pretty much the most basic thing I could muster up. In all senses, they're similar to ME, not the other way around."
Aside from that, they take the form of orbs anywhere from black to white and red to blue on the color spectrum, with gender being a non-factor due to reproducing through materialization of other Jimmids. Jim is unable to showcase this ability, as it is "An extremely private matter in action and takes reserves of power unavailable to me." Jimmids showcase a regular system of interaction, verse creation, entertainment materialization, and other mundane activities in the void. Jimmids also use these objects with psychic means, somehow "Making the void denser..." to create "...invisible hands."
When asked on the range of Jimmids and what they do, he was silent for a while before he stated, "I'm a bit of an outcast... you science guys are lucky I know this much, really." before concluding the first study. Another is planned in half an OYC year.