Kappa particle
Natural Position
Contained by
Moquark
,
Orbinverse
Contains
Kardaparticle
Scale
Dimensionality
∅ + ∅
Diameter
'"`UNIQ--postMath-00000001-QINU`"'
Kappa Particles
(sometimes called
Primordium Kappa
or
Platonic Particles
) is a type of particle that is critical in the formation of
moquarks
, and are extremely small, on the order of
·
(although
·
is much smaller). Kappa Particles were originally thought to be a
Primordium Particle
, although it was later figured out to be something completely separate (
it is not a Primordium Particle
).
Kappa particles can be synthesized as a byproduct of the
Primordium Synthesis Reaction
to make
Primordium Omega
.
Shape
[
]
Kappa particles come in 5 main shapes, although its cubic form is the most stable, being the only one that can tesselate and make large-scale structures.
The 5 shapes are, in order of size, tetrahedral kappa particle, cubic kappa particle, octahedral kappa particle, dodecahedral kappa particle, and icosahedral kappa particle.
A green, tetrahedral Kappa Particle.
An octahedral Kappa Particle, it's purple.
A cubic Kappa Particle, which is the most common kind.
A dodecahedral Kappa Particle. It's red.
Finally, the icosahedral Kappa Particle. This particle is orange.
Sometimes (but very rarely), tetrahedral and octahedral Kappa Particles combine to make a certain tiling, but these two formations are the only possible tesselations that can be made with Kappa Particles.
It should also be noted that these particles are
not
three-dimensional. They almost have no dimension at all, but based on how they project up into higher dimensions we can see, they look like those shapes.
Properties
[
]
When Kappa Particles meet photons, the photon gets absorbed and energy is added, or the photon bounces off with slightly higher energy on the blue spectrum (both have an equal probability of happening). A force somehow pulls certain Kappa Particles together, which form tessellations and structures that we are all familiar with.