Overview
[
]
Kicsi / Binary Particles
A Kicsi without its state shown.
Scale
Size
Immeasurable
FOEI
Screw foei, that's some dumb slop.
Dimensionality
Below the concept
Kardashev Scale
Kicsi level
Properties
Temperature
0°C
Class
-2
Life Percentage
Unknown
Shape
Pretend they're like orbs.
Position
Contained by:
Zerons
Contains:
True axioms
Kicsis
are incredibly tiny particles that are either in an 1 or a 0 state. They're often called binary particles for working the same as a bit. Some computers have been made that utilize kicsis, but due to how tiny they are, the most powerful computer could only run Super Mario World.
Theoretically, a very tiny computer that uses kicsis could be extremely powerful, capable of running any program, but the manipulation of this particle is REALLY EXPENSIVE.
Unlike other particles, which are often seen as orbs or very weird things, Kicsis have no shape.They also have an average temperature of 0°C, but it ranges from big chungus to -big chungus. Over 99.9999999999999976% of Kicsis contained inside of a
Zeron
are in their 0 state, and can only be changed to an 1 state with extremely precise manipulation. Despite the fact that Kicsis are far smaller than Zerons, only 1 of them can be found inside of each one, which means that finding a natural 1 Kicsi would take a very long time.
There's also the óendanlega lítil ögn, which roughly translates to "infinity small particle" or something. ISPs are just like Kicsis but extremely rare, and they have N
1
possible states, so they can be used to make incredibly fast computers. Unfortunately only two Kicsis of this type have ever been found, and there doesn't seem to be a way to detect them.
Kicsis can be visualized as orbs with either an 1 or a 0 on them, as that makes it easier to understand contraptions that use them. Since they're just as powerful as 1 bit, and Kicsis are so small, they make it possible, yet hard, to store infinite computing power, even in the weak variants that are binary, in a space smaller than a Zeron. That's crazy.