Laccen
Scale
Size
>
0verse
EUSI
☼
Finality Index
post finality index
FOEI
foei sucks anyway not using it
Dimensionality
you can guess
Kardashev Scale
you can also guess
Properties
Temperature
almost invariably -91 C on its outside, too variable to list on the inside.
Class
Meta-Class 5
Life Percentage
0.0014%
Shape
Highly elastic slime ball.
Density (Void Percentage)
No
Position
Contained by:
Leccan
Contains:
0verse
main heading
[
]
Laccen is a large verse (as you might expect) which takes the form of an elastic slimeball. It is completely filled with
0verses
, and they act as a liquid. Upon expansion and compression of the ball, the 0verse will quickly take up that space. There are many, so the expansion and accommodation does not leave any empty space. Upon compression, the 0verses will compress with the ball, increasing its density. Compression and expansion regulate density of the verse, and when compressed, more black holes are likely to form. When expanded, black holes are less likely to form. However, black holes would always form, because the expansion and compression of the verse does not affect that of lower verses. It excretes an extremely dangerous gas that disassembles all objects that come in contact with it into the most basic, most elementary things that compose it. This gas is excreted from the outside, and has formed a layer over its surface that prevents anything from entering the verse from outside in normal ways, thus the only way to access it is with teleportation. Nothing can exist on the outside of Laccen, and Laccen itself as well as everything contained by it is immune to the gas. Upon the exiting of Laccen, one is no longer immune to the gas. The opposite is true for when one has entered it. The number of 0verses contained by it will always be more than enough to fill in all space the Laccen takes up. As such, there are no voids outside of such 0verses, except for in interlaccen space, where there are many. There are countless events which can and have happened which cause the shape of a laccen to be altered significantly. When a laccen is destroyed, the equivalent to
L
L
×
ω
ω
ω
{\displaystyle LL \times \omega_{\omega_\omega}}
worth of gas is instantly expelled at enough speed to easily travel the length of 50 average length laccens within a planck time, accelerating at a very fast rate. LL is the lifetime of the laccen before it was destroyed. And everything that was contained by it at the time of its destruction will rapidly inflate, then explode so violently that it is disassembled into
True Nothings.
Each individual particle of the gas sent out has enough power to instantly obliterate anything it comes into contact with, except certain things. Of course, since so much gas is released, it forms a bubble around it that annihilates everything to a certain radius outside of it. This can cause a chain reaction of laccens exploding and destroying everything or almost everything in their path. All of these verses have their own gas which all others are not immune to, and when two collide at high enough speed, they can either merge or cause an incredibly powerful event, which is 10
10
times more powerful than regular explosions. Also, these can only be destroyed by parasites, hollowing events (which make the explosion much weaker), powerful entities, and verses equal to or greater than a laccen. Most laccen are the same mass, because they have the same amount of things contained by them, and have the same amount of slime upon creation. However, laccen that have had things moved into them or just combined with others are larger and more massive than ones that are the same size as they were at creation. I forgot to mention this, but each laccen has a god, and they have just enough power to exert total control over 5.16 of such verses, and there is also a god of all laccen, which is capable of exerting total control over all laccen 12.14 times over. That's just about it for this transfictional verse.