θ
Image of the Limit of Cardinals taken from afar using blueprint particles instead of photons to see.
Scale
Size
Impossibly larger than the
Limit of Ordinals
Location
Contained by
Limits of Infinities
Contains
Limits of Ordinals
θ
. Some things are better left unsolved. Without order, the REALM OF MATH SHOOK IN ITS PRESENCE! Values finally represented! THE LAW OF DIMINISHING RETURN OVERCOME ONCE AGAIN!
Outside of the foolish
Limit of Ordinals
, there is a large amount of boiling hot lava filled with an impossible amount of
Pentorbs
. This limit truly exists and has no order, with only a tiny bit after each infinite repitition of an infinite cycle. Infinite the inaccessible cardinals and Berkeley Cardinals truly represent the mathemeticians unbent will.
The Limit of Cardinals is so hot that, to keep its heat, it saps it away from nearby Pentorbs in the easiest to reach places, which happen to be chiral spirals, which are so easy to reach because of an ancient civilization long ago which decided to make them easier to access.
The Limit of Cardinals is very close to the edge of math because it is beyond ordinals, which represent order, and cardinals, which represent value, this means that it is the last set before the building blocks of math crumble from going further on the number line and everything falls to the ground.
In the depths of the Limit of Cardinals, the compression is so powerful that the Pentorbs inside of it may collide, creating a chain reaction that wipes all of the Pentorbs in the Limit of Cardinals of anything present on them and also shoots out hot Pentorbs at insanely high speeds, which penetrate through gasketspheres in the Limits of Ordinals, destroying nearly all civilizations that started there. Near the outer edge, pentorbs are so compressed that they form extra dense areas that are extremely hard to navigate through and destroy over 100% of spacecrafts that go into them.
The Limit of Cardinals is quite a bad place to be, and is too big in size to be described with numbers. It's simply an infernal sea of death full of Limits of Ordinals floating around every here and there, but it is very plentiful in terms of energy. If you look through the Limit of Cardinals, you might see entire Limits of Ordinals that have been repurposed to harvest energy. Do not worry about this, it is perfectly normal and about 6.8% of them are repurposed for just this.
The beings that reside here are known as
Eevillas
, and the main entity here called
Tungster
. Eevillas swim around and reach through the Limits of Ordinals and steal Pentorbs from the Limits of Numbers. They then make pyramids with the Pentorbs and throw them into the Limit of Cardinals. They aren't very nice, and can be avoided via movement of your local Limit of Ordinals and detected with
Exaships
.