All of Math
Scale
Dimensions
Limit of Infinity
's dimensionality + 3
Size
Limit of Infinity
's size in LY ^ 2
Location
Contained by
Caneverns
Contains
Limits of Infinities
Boring Math Stuff
[
]
The Limit of Math
, the physical manifestation of all of math. Entering the Limit of Math will result in you being affected by its laws, such as 1+1=2, and anything that does not obey these laws is considered paradoxical. The Limit of Math includes more than just absolute numbers, there are also quaternions like i, j and k, negative numbers, and non-whole numbers. Non-whole numbers are used in the
Limits of Numbers
in different
Limits of Infinities
, although this isn't noticable on smaller scales due to the difference only being 1 infinitesimal every Limit of Infinity away you travel from your starting location. The Limit of Math is also not just limited to real numbers, because it also gaining value in other values like the aforementioned i, j and k along with x, which signifies an undefined value.
Structure
[
]
The absolute core of all creation, the first mathematical system, devised by being beyond conceptualization, these are all things that describe the Limit of Math. It is an important object, as it can be manipulated used to simply make a powerful being simply impossible and therefore not possible causing it to cease, or to change logic that one doesn't like to make it fit their needs. The Limit of Math is positioned in the shape of a true Mandelbrot fractal, and any areas in which its shape does not intersect are undocumented simply because all unused information seems to populate them, causing a thick layer of similar concepts which have piled up at the bottom. These concepts trap any information that goes into them or comes out of them, which means that light will come out of it, but with several wavelengths at the same time, in a random direction, and at a random time in the future, past, or present. On the part from which information can be retrived, towers have been built to communicate information from one place to another at highspeeds, they are known as laser point prescision towers and take an amount of time to reach their target position between 1.3+j*i and 1.9+j(1.0001i) seconds.