The
Meta Box
is a
living
dimension in the shape of a
Box
travelling in beyond concept of time and space. This dimension travels in order to transcend every dimension and infinite hierarchy in any
verse
an infinite amount of time to view it as a mere
fiction
of fiction and by a beyond Transinfinite Transinfinite Transinfinite Transinfinite... (to absolute infinity)
This dimension has infinite
universes
,
multiverses
,
metaverses
, etc. in which each universe has infinite possibilities and views the last one as a fiction/imagination. Each multiverse contains infinite absolute narratives other dimension that the Meta Box has transcended and views each other as fiction. each metaverse is a suprememaness of all concepts and transcends the narrative inside the multiverse. and is the perfected modal of logics of reality of all things, believed to deny any possible logic of high great infinites of reinhardt cardinals to hold the infintie essential platonic mathematical that will immeasurably infinite transcends by every narratives that the writers writes in a place that has no concept of mathemathics times. the writers writes infinite amount of times at the same time.
The size of the Meta Box reaches immeasurable lenghts, depending on how many dimensions it had transcended. Inside this dimension, there is a special type of
cosmic entity
that arranges all the philosophical branches of mathematics according to their places. they can travel to all the dimensions in this verse to have fun with unlimited resources.
They are aware of the existence of a supreme figure, they are aware of the existence of a supreme figure, and now they already know about the existence of that supreme being, who is it, what is it, how powerful is it. With the aim of experimenting, they head to the dimensions outside of the Meta Box in order to retrieve resources from there to be given to their Box in an effort to surpass that supreme being. They know that this figure is the supreme ruler of this verse, they made a pact by asking half of the supreme figure's power to develop it as an experiment whether he is really all-powerful, if with half his strength and they can perfect it and surpass his original strength, then that figure not almighty. that supreme being agreed and giving half of it's power to them as an experiment. they are almost succeeded with their experiment, but they decided to stop the experiment as a sign of respect for the figure.
Meta Box
Meta Box
SIze and more
Size
Beyond the concepts of mathemathics
Dimensions
Beyond
Has life
Yes
Shape
Box
Containments
Contained by:
Depends, as its constantly traveling.
Contains:
Branches of philosophy, mathemathics, paradoxes, cantor's absolute infinity, strong cardinals, etc.
The Meta Box is an extended modal realism of a metaphysical theory. It concerns the question of what it means that something is possible or necessary. Modal realism is the view that besides the actual world, there are many possible worlds. They exist as alternate versions of the actual world we live in. It contrasts with actualism, which holds that there is only one world: the actual world. Extended modal realism is a special form of modal realism. It includes the controversial thesis that there are not just possible worlds but also impossible worlds. An impossible world is a world that contains a contradiction. Extended modal realism understands modality as a dimension similar to space and time. In this sense, a regular object, like a tree or a car, is not just extended in space and time but also across possible and impossible worlds: some parts of it exist in the actual world and other parts exist in non-actual worlds. There is only one universe encompassing everything that is real in the widest sense: the actual, the possible, and the impossible. he modal stage of the tree in the actual world is nowhere violet but it has violet parts at other modal indices. The tree as a whole is a modally extended entity encompassing not just the actual tree but also all its modal parts belonging to other worlds. Like in Lewis's modal realism, the term actual just has an indexical meaning: it refers to the modal index of the speaker. Actual is thus analogous to the spatial term here and the temporal term now.
This dimension is protected by 3 source and infinite layers to protect not to crash with another dimension. Each layer is an infinite concept of philosophy that will refutes anything that will threatens the very existence of the Meta Box, the 3 source are rotating to give this dimension source of infinite energy, each source give infinite amount of energy, so infinite x infinite x infinite and the results will be time again in infinite amount of times. those 3 things are another that inside the dimensions are an infinite multiverse and the inside of each inf multiverse is another inf universe. each universe contains gods. those gods are the ruler of every branch of paradox in existence and contains every type of infinites such as cantor's absolute infinity and every strong cardinals, such as berkeley and reinhardt cardinals. metaphysics is varieble in there, these things has many branch of philosophy such as metaphysics. there are analytical process of the fundamental nature of existence and the reality that accompanies the 3 universes. the 3 universes has reality of realm it self. each realm sees each other as a dream that transcends each other defineable infinity of set theory, those realm has hypothesis of mathemathical, no absolute true in those realms and it does not follow standard geometry and it travels speed of immesruble infinities to dead of creations. there are immesruble versions of this version that each part of it has infinite possibilities that are diffrent from others, they will always be different. and it cannot be entered because it has metafictional barrier that will erase every being that will try to enter the dimension.