Minerbot
A Minerbot with its defense system activated
Rules over
Nothing
Age
Varies
Size
Varies, height is about the size of a normal human
Knowledge
How to mine/extract materials
Power
Relatively low
Goals
To mine/extract materials
Species
Utilibot
The Minerbot is the latest
Utilibot
created so far. The Minerbot is mainly used for mining and extracting useful materials, and they have seen much action on
The Slate
and in the
Omniverse
.
The Minerbot is significantly different from the other Utilibots, and are much more dense. A Minerbot also costs much more to create, even more than the
SLbot
(even though the SLbot is a combination of all the other Utilibots).
Minerbots are gray in color and are cubic. A few older models of the Minerbot are instead tetrahedronal or sometimes octahedronal, and a few exotic ones are completely spherical.
The Minerbot will activate a built-in defense mechanism which will be automatically activated if it is damaged, in which it will have spikes protrude from practically every part of it and then retract the spikes after approximately 10 seconds. The exact effectiveness of this system is still hotly debated.
Controversy
[
]
The Minerbot has been in much controversy lately, especially after the large corporation behind the Utilibots added many seemingly useless features, such as when the Minerbot will say "You've never played Tuber Simulator?" in a random language after anyone close to the Minerbot has said "what". This has put the corporation behind the Minerbot in significant pressure, and have removed many of the features deemed useless because of it.
Unlike the other Utilibots, the Minerbot is known to only be able to be powered by one energy source, and that is pure
Primordium Theta
. However, Primordium Theta seems to not work very well with a Minerbot, and this is one of the Minerbot's greatest complaints.
The Really Cool Reviewing Cosmic Corporation
gave the Minerbot a 3/16 rating, which is extremely low compared to the other Utilibots. The low review was also because of how the Minerbot was much slower than the rest of the Utilibots, with the Minerbot having a max speed of only 500 miles per hour, which was usually not fast enough to avoid most weapons.
The Minerbot was voted the worst Utilibot of the
OYC
and even the worst artificial thing of the entire OYC, which is an extremely hard title to be given.
Usage on The Slate
[
]
Minerbots have been used a lot on The Slate since The Slate has many verses with minerals/materials which have to be mined out to be useful. However, as the Minerbot is much, much slower than the rest of the Utilibots, it usually gets destroyed by The Slate's erasing mechanism (The Slate erases everything on it on a periodic basis). Due to this, the Minerbots' popularity has slowly been going down.