Hello, my name is MyChipsAreHot. I dont know what to do for now, until i just sit here, and figure out what happened to this nonsense that has been across these types of wikis for years. I came across to figure out the code of which somebody entered to destroy the other wikis, and just leave out of there, and figure out what happened 10 seconds ago for now. Thus, i am the "Him" who is wondering around to been have seen somebody trespass my writers block. Its a think where you stand there looking at a blank page, for thinking really hard about a cool concept that i did not perform to do, but only did it by myself. Your sins are not safe from these Metafictional startups that cant define anything from my block. I am just thinking with why i sit there and look at the name for the page before even thinking about writing a garbage page that is allowed to even exist... for the sake, i dont even know if im making any sense to what it is for your fate of looping in the past to where i was at on the first place. Ive seen many factors of cardinals that im just already about to go for the sake of being beyond fiction, which in the case, im already there in my presence. Why?... Why did we come up to a type of media that shouldnt have singley existed in the first place? Ive already come across messing up pages for the purpose of laws of nature, for me keeping the victims away from whats happening. I am just outside of this part, that is through everything, but only a fraction of reality is enough to not be topped by a thing that wont matter in the future, but still needed. Therefore, i am writing this so i wanted to literally share my though on here, but keep keeping this alive for the rest of eternity on, and on. Goodbye.
A warning is about to come up sooner than thought by these people...
The lack of time there is in space, and now i shall do this for myself to keep myself on guard.
Yes. You see?
Knowledge Issue Warning:
"Sorry, but MyChipsAreHot has brain disease, of level <(|)>" - Doctor
MyChipsAreHot sadly has level <(|)> brain disease, and if it is at least 3, oh boy, that means it is very, very, very bad.
If <(|)> ≥ 3, then please delete the page or make it better. If <(|)> < 3, then just make it better, without deletion.
"Sorry, MyChipsAreHot burns my eyes, by 100%" - NightmareKid106
MyChipsAreHot illegally burns the viewer's eyes 100% for real, this is REALLY bad.
If 5 ≥ 3, then please delete the page or make it better. If 5 < 3, then just make it better, with or without deletion.
</noinclude>
No... That wont work. I now just had some usage for < 3, thus counting in a serious issue, by doing nothing, and letting this pass by. There is no "why?" to this. I exist. What, but why? Im here to describe myself. How do i have a brain disease? For breaking the laws of myself? There could have been a way to solve this myself, but now that i think its a part of it, i can see that im the only one who does that by using their self.