O r b
The entirety of the O r b.
SIze and more
Size
In this point, sizes are so big that im not even trying to give this thing an size. Just imagine its bigger than the things it contains.
Dimensions
Just imagine its bigger than the things it contains.
Planets with life percentage
1.52 * 10
-115
%
Has life
Yes.
Shape
Orb.
Containments
Contained by:
Ommru
Contains:
The string
,
The System: Loops
About
[
]
The O r b is much like our universe, containing mostly galaxies, stars, planets, great walls, galactic clusters, superclusters etc, however they are all much, much, much bigger. so much bigger than it is in our universe. Scientists are unable to explain why this is. The o r b also contains
The string
. Because
The string
floated into this verse. And since the big light powering,
The string
has now pushed matter away with its bright light, makeing some places void. it also came into here (for unknown reasons) which is why
The string
is still around and doing fine today.
The string
is too small to be able to be seen in the picture. The reason why this verse is kept together and perfectly stable is because of an outer shell.Tthe outer shell is made of an indestructible purple substance that scientists have now made a name for, and the name is ''penta garatom''.
Outer Shell
[
]
The outer shell of the O r b contains sticky tentacles on the outside which grab and put any matter into it. Before, the orb was only 5 light-years, but because it ate any sort of matter, it quickly grew into a giant verse. And to this day the O r b is still growing faster then ever. scientists form other verses tried to take samples of the tentacles, but because its very sitcky, the scientists had a hard time experimenting with the samples.
Center
[
]
The center of the O r b is very dense and heavy. Any sort of matter there collapses on itself, makeing the center filled with high-mass particles. There is not much interesting stuff here, only more black holes.
(You can add stuff to the center if you want. Also please remember that i did not make this, i just saw it and edited it. I hope the creator of this page is mad) hi good edit i am not mad