Obice Novissimo
Natural Position
Contained by
The Blue Barriers
Contains
The Red Barriers
,
Poiple Tyangles
Scale
Dimensionality
All of them
Diameter
Too large to be measured (even with imaginary numbers), also dynamic
Kardashev Scale
Yes
Contents
1
About
2
Scale
3
Deletion attribute
3.1
No longer unbeatable
About
[
]
Obice Novissimos
are a barrier-like
species
with similar properties to a
Kceh
's, but they have some additional attributes and their Kceh-like properties act instantly.
Scale
[
]
They're as large to whatever precedes them as
Bigs
are to a
Heaa
, which is why the picture doesn't show anything inside of an Obice Novissimo.
Deletion attribute
[
]
Their main attribute is the near complete deletion of whatever grows larger than them, which (for example) was the fate of a currently nameless
verse
once called Uchu.
When someething somehow becomes larger than an Obice Novissimo, it will lose nearly all of it's existence and descend to a size smaller than a Heaa. For a relatively short time, it would still exist, stripped of any special qualities it may have had. Additionally, trying to escape an Obice Novissimo's deletion would only make it faster and more effective.
Though this type of verse initially seems like nothing more than the
End-All-Be-All
of doom, it also gives a place for things (
everything
possible, impossible, or something else) to exist. Similarly to
Times and Realities
, nothing can exist outside of Obice Novissimos because nothing will be there to support their existence.
Obice Novissimos are the main reason any verses exist, since they generate what they need to do so, and those verses will be unable to support themselves if they grow any larger than an Obice Novissimo. Obice Novissimos simply delete whatever grows larger than them in order to get the verse's end over with.
No longer unbeatable
[
]
However, a rule of this
wiki
is that something must be larger than even the largest. There is still a slight hope that the space outside of any Obice Novissimo could be filled one day, and the
hierarchy
will continue just as it always has. Just ask the
Boxes
.
Even so, it's going to take more than just claiming something is higher in the hierarchy; that thing would actually have to have a defense against the Obice Novissimos in order to avoid being deleted or surpassed by it.
The Blue Barriers
are the first found structures to have met this requirement, followed by many more (some probably being protected by other verses).