Ochaverse
Natural Position
Contained by
Mingaverse
Contains
Peptaverse
Scale
Dimensionality
10+16
Diameter
Usually from 1.399 septensexagintillion to 79.22 octosexagintillion
Peptaverses
wide, which comes out to
1.26 duocenoctosexagintillion (1.256×10
807
) ly
Kardashev Scale
40
"It's pronounced 'O-ka-verse'. Certainly not to be confused with the
Octoverse
, if you somehow find yourself there instead of here, I can't really help you."
The Ochaverse is the first infinite-sized structure in the entire chain of
Universes
and above. Interestingly, it is also one of the only structures with infinite matter yet finite size. The main arm is a fractal itself, and it is FILLED with
Peptaverses
. Interestingly, though the arm appears to get smaller, it is the same width the entire way, and even the
Feesh
have not been able to colonize it fully. The Ochaverse is therefore an incredible source of energy and matter for those who can access it. Also, the Ochaverse outside the arms doesn’t actually contain anything, nay it is a void, its color only given by
Hypershifting
, like redshifting but for Hyper-Photons, or megaphotons or whatever you call them, because these photons are the only things that can travel so far. These have to travel we think maybe even transfinite distances due to the
Ochaversial Gravity
, before bouncing off… something, and coming back. To this day not even Celestials know what this thing is.
! WARNING !
Don't go into the empty space. With nothing keeping you attached, you will accelerate to immense speeds and die immediately.
! WARNING #2 !
If you take an
Octoverse
into the Ochaverse, the Ochaverse will personally destroy the
Octoverse
. If this is done too many times the entire Ochaverse will collapse and get crunched.
Ochaversial Gravity
[
]
A quirk of the Ochaverse is since it has a spiral structure, it also has a spiral cubic gravity (instead of accelerating you increase in acceleration). No matter where you are in the Ochaverse, you will travel down a spiral path that approaches the trajectory of the center of the ‘beam’, but never touches it, usually at ~0.677 ly/s/s/s, however larger Ochaverses can pull you faster, and in fact, exponentially faster, than smaller ones. The largest Ochaverse, OCH-JJ74/542.2NS, standing at about 892.2×10
819
) ly, has a gravitational power of over 640 octillion times, that of a regular Ochaverse. (so about 433.28 octillion ly/s/s/s). However, structures and especially civilizations are much rarer here due to the harsh gravity, as this warps reality so much that existing is very hard.
Hypershifting
[
]
First of all, before we talk about Hypershifting, we need to talk about
Hyperphotons
. Assuming you don’t know about them, here’s really what you need to know for THIS section. A Hyperphoton is a much more powerful photon. They can only be produced by incredibly high energies, but the thing is there is no limit to how much they can be charged. Their speed also depends on their energy. See, Hyperphotons experience a form of redshifing called Hypershifting. However, the reason why all your other hyperphotos of verses aren’t super colorful, is because hypershifting requires some serious strange stuff to be going on, and even then it requires some transfinite distances. So these hyperphotons are hypershifted, and the thing about hyperphotons is that they only send information back when it hits something, and since hypershifting requires transfinite distances, and the non-branch part of the Ochaverse is void, that means that the
Hyperphoton
hit something. We just don’t know what. If you are a celestial being who knows, call the FeeshHub Hyperphoneline at FEESHHOR-182.22-152-1790.2/OCH for inquiries about the Ochaverse, or dial 6100-6100-dontcallthisthisisnotarealnumber and you will be connected to the nearest hyperphone station. Thank you.
Other Details
[
]
We are about 2.8*10
122
Peptaverses away from the edge.
Each
Peptaverse
has very, very slightly different laws of nature than the ones next to it. This difference is usually barely noticable even at googols of
Peptaverses
away, with the end of the Ochaverse generally being the most stable area. Usually, the farther down you go (and we have gone VERY far down, over 10
18,910
ly into some of them, the more warped time and reality becomes, until both are meaningless, and existence is impossible. Attempting to go further bears the risk of glitching out of reality. We have taken
Hyperpictures
of what’s beyond, and we can tell you this… not much. The only thing detected was that mysterious reflector.