Outerverse
Scale
Dimensionality
Transcend all concept of dimensions (uncountable infinity)
Size
Bigger infinite times into infinite times into…
Cetaverses
Population
(.)
Position
Contained by
Mahloverses
Contains
Varies, most of the time the largest structures within them are
Cetaverses
.
Outerverse
is a term coined within this
wiki
to refer to any reality that transcends all concepts of
dimensions
.
In-Depth Explanation
[
]
For a more in-depth analysis, outerversal realities are those whose nature is conceptually
different
from time and space (of any size and complexity), that is, they are completely transcendental in relation to physics. They can be described as a meta-
abstraction
(formless, intangible reality), which makes them completely non-physical in relation to any higher dimensional reality. An outerverse can be the "background" for a dimensional reality of any
size and complexity
.
An outerverse can also be in line with the concept of "Beyond Reality" in which its nature is not only different, but also conceptually superior to the concept of dimension as some formless, transcendental realm, that is, even an infinite-dimensional
hyperverse
would be nonexistent in comparison to them, regardless if the setting of a verse is infinite-dimensional or not. What this means is, if a setting is for example, 14-dimensional, but a world outside of it is described as being conceptually superior to all forms of space-time, the realm qualifies as an outerverse.
In fact, to truly qualify for this term, the definition or application of a given cosmological structure must be very specific. Being beyond infinite-dimensional structures is not enough to qualify as an outerverse. Furthermore an outerverse is typically inexplicable, with no current scientific theories explaining exactly what a beyond-dimensional structure is. These realities can also
lack any form of binary concepts
altogether, so any portrayal of an "outerverse" is strictly an artistic vision.
Outerverses usually are the outsides of
Cetaverses
.