Perspective Space
Scale
Size
whatever size you think Perspective Space is
Dimensionality
whatever dimensionality you think Perspective Space has
Properties
Temperature
whatever temperature you think Perspective Space has
Life Percentage
whatever life percentage you think Perspective Space has
Shape
whatever shape you think Perspective Space is
Position
Contained by:
whatever you think contains it
Contains:
whatever you think is contained within it
Perspective Space is a very strange, very chaotic area located in... well... whatever you think it's located in. In Perspective Space, there is no "fact" or objective reality. Everything in it is purely subjective.
Perspective Space is extremely hard to survive in due to constant changes in the verse. For example, you can just think that Perspective Space is contained by a
Universe
, and it will be contained within a universe. You can basically change whatever property of Perspective Space, no matter if it causes paradoxes.
You can even do some strange things such as thinking that Perspective Space is not Perspective Space. That is still allowed within the domain of the verse. Perspective Space has been classed as a very dangerous object by many due to its very chaotic, random, and lawless nature.
This verse is also somewhat of an End-Be-All, but not in the traditional sense. You can make this verse "contain everything", but be contained by something as well. However, the other creatures within Perspective Space can easily revert what you did and change it to their liking.
This verse has been used by entities such as
The Disruptor
to hide from entities trying to kill them. All beings Class 2 or higher on
TOCEH
can enter this verse and not be affected by its properties.
To keep things in order, special entities have been put inside Perspective Space to stop creatures from messing up everything too much. These entities, also known as Enforcers, have insanely powerful mind control abilities, allowing them to restrict other creatures' thoughts inside Perspective Space.