Post Divergent Archverses
A Poraverse.
Scale
Size
10
2
76.21
- 10
2
7.44 × 10
24
ly
Dimensionality
Up to 3.43 × 10
24
Kardashev
5 × 10
24
Scale Indexes
EUSI
10
24
FOEI
(0, 1)
OI
71 - 10
24
Properties
Temperature
Variable
Life Percentage
Variable, but low
Structure
Layers
10
24
Layer Spacing
See
Extended Divergent Archverses#Python
Position
Contains
Extended Divergent Archverses
Contained By
Feeshverse
Class
1
History
Created By
Alphasm
, likely
Age
Extremely old, not entirely sure
What is a PDA?
[
]
A Post Divergent Archverse refers to an Archverse that is beyond
Extended Divergent Archverses
and the
Qazaverse
. This ranges from the 71
st
Archverse, the Poraverse to the 10
24
-verse. As expected, we can't possible document them all, and Christ, we haven't even finished
Extended Divergent Archverses
, but in essense, EDAs and PDAs are effectively the same: Archverses! From the
Qazaverse
onwards, PDAs will likely have much less variety, be less "interesting". The reason for this will become apparent when I,
Fish
, add the Qazaverse and the lore. But, for now, that's simply a short introduction on PDAs.
.
.
WARNING: Content below this is for future purposes. - ptxm56
Future PDA Images
[
]
A Poraverse and some of its "mushrooms".
A green Ondaverse, which is a dragon curve. Other colors look like other fractals.
Around the core of one of the many chaotic Novaverses.
A Muraverse. It contains itself infinitely inwards. Once it starts, it won't stop.
A Lonaverse, forever being just a dim light in the eternal and perpetual void of the Kovaverse, where it won't be vaporized, though this proves to make them extremely sparse.
The burning abyss that is the Kovaverse.
Many of the cool structures that the Jimaverse is capable of instantaneously creating.
An Iwanaverse, a collection of purple rogue Jimaverses that constantly annihilate eachother.
The producer of a Honaverse, spewing out transcendental amounts of Iwanaverses.
Some Honaverses (glowing spheres) attempting to destroy the walls of a Guraverse from the inside.
The permanent thick red fog of the Fexaverse obscuring something.
A crack in the fake edges of an Eptaverse. These may seem like exits, but will REMOVE anything that enters them from existence. Only one crack of each layer is real and will take you to another layer.
One "network" of Eptaverses in a Delaverse.
The least chaotic mess in a Ceraverse.
A Boraverse attempting to block a possible all-destroying core of unknown matter. This is what it is destined for.
A part of an Animaverse, a -verse that can contain up to 10^^^^^10^^^^^16777216 colors.
A storage section of a Zaraverse, a place where imagination instantly gets turned into a real thing.
A Yumaverse, which is half Zaraverses and half just a normal Universe with incredibly weird physics.
A Xoraverse close to collapsing. The glitches are in it.
A Wonkaverse, which comes in every single possible polytope. Changes polytope constantly.
A Vintaverse and its Emperor. Wonkaverses that he has captured are forced to do everything for him.
A very tiny fragment of an Umanaverse, a PDA created to do something technological, but it is unknown due to its infinite complexity.
A Toraverse and its defensive barrier.
A part closer to the center of a Sentaverse, a horrible place to be. The closer you go to the center, the more dangerous it is. However, the center grants you a free exit to this PDA.
The dark side of the Rivaverse.
One of the many fractals in a Quottaverse that help light it up.
A Pintaversian city. This one seems to have evolved a lot.
One of the many places in an Oraverse, which is just an Earth for a Pintacity.
A Nuxaverse, which has designated sections for each EDA/PDA below it that are filled to the brim with what the section is for. The white rings are for unsorted ones.
One of the many vessels of a Magaverse.
A Leelaverse, which has googological amounts of different elements.
3 Kudeaverses from small to big. They are sentient and move eachother to form a sorting chain.
A rift that leads to another section of a Jonaverse, which is a divided PDA that has millions of sections connected to eachother by rifts.
Some Isniaverses escaping the sea of the PDA above it.
A Hikaverse. It has lots of oceans where if you go deep enough you just get vaporized instantly.
A Grittaverse. This PDA can do some damaging signal interferences, making the image blurry.
A Fishaverse. It's a line of assorted Grittaverses. It constantly moves around the PDA around it in hopes that it will collide with another Fishaverse.
An Equaverse. The color comes from the Fishaverses inside of it.
A bunch of Doraverses. Many of them have lightning strikes to destroy eachother to have more space.
Both sides of a Covaverse. The red and blue portals are in constant war, often sending out  insane amounts of Doraverses to fight with eachother. The one that wins gets to freely move around the PDA above it.
A Bimaverse. It may not be much, but it's actually every single EDA and PDA up to this point combined, except for Qazaverse.
An Ablixaverse. It has a dark secret, being that if whoever or whatever rules over it finds you, you will inevitably be in a state of hypnosis and will help him in every situation and become part of his army. The thing rules the Ablixaverse and everything. Stand still and wait for Him to arrive.
A Zenkaverse flying around with its protectors. From here on, PDAs get less interesting.
A Yixaverse. It's shaped like a donut.
A Xurptaverse. It's sentient and can also talk.
A procedurally generated planet by the Waraverse.
A Vexaverse. It's a sentient AI that can disintegrate objects inside it for safety and has about 5 micrillion IQ.
A Uronaverse, the 48th PDA. It seems to be a core filled with Vexaverses that contains itself forever inwards.
The ones without images
[
]
Techaverse
: Another infinitely complex machine, powered by an Uronaverse. However, there seems to be screens and code all over it.
Suraverse
: Contains EVERYTHING that isn't bigger than the average Techaverse. It doesn't just contain -verses, it contains every single object that isn't too large.
Raniaverse
: A PDA that attempts to get as large as possible by merging with other Raniaverses.
Qraraverse
: A storage of all of the information in it.
Proximaverse
: Newer Qraraverses are at the top and older, dying Qraraverses are at the bottom.