Q-205
Scale
Size
Slightly larger than our universe.
EUSI
Unknown.
Finality Index
Unknown.
FOEI
(0, 1)
Dimensionality
None.
Kardashev Scale
None.
Properties
Temperature
None.
Class
Unknown.
Life Percentage
0
Shape
Spherical.
Position
Contained by:
Multiverse
Contains:
Q-205 concepts/ideas.
Background
[
]
Q-205
is an aggressive and infohazardous idea complex, generally referred to as a
Black Box.
It is quite small for such a classification, as it is only slightly larger than our reality (approximately 25%) and is only half as dense (using density calculations from translations between physical and ideatic units). Q-205 is an aggressive infohazard. When an individual discovers the existence of Q-205, they cease to be able to comprehend language. This process does not require the observer to comprehend the actual nature of Q-205, only for them to be able to sense it. Fortunately, it is relatively easy to combat this infohazardous defense, as it only requires a low-level special mental shielding suit.
Q-205 resembles a black, spherical space, when viewed with a physical Multivet (a scientific instrument used to view the multiverse). It appears to be stationary, and it is also partially intersecting with our universe. Q-205 is a somewhat weak idea, the Black Box will only prey on languages. This includes both visual and speaking languages, but no other specific/linked concepts are targeted.
While consuming a language, Q-205 will leave foot prints which can be easily identified by any well-trained research group. Any decently large organization can easily locate and record languages which are being destroyed as a direct result of Q-205's influence. As of current observations, 847 languages that have been directly affected by Q-205, most of which were destroyed at least 400 years ago. All of whom had less than 15,000 speakers and were restricted to small, local city-sized areas. In particular, it appears that only 204 of these languages were destroyed as a direct result of Q-205 manifestation. Along with this, the amount of speakers in these languages never exceed 490. It has been concluded that it is unable to significantly affect stronger, more widespread/popular languages, such as English or Chinese.
Q-205 is relatively slow at destroying languages, even if only a tiny fraction of the world's population can communicate in them. It consumes a language at a rate of ten words per month assuming that the language has 350 speakers. It is thus less dangerous than most other Black Boxes. However, although it is far more passive than most of these complexes, Q-205 has an extremely intricate defense mechanism (not relating to infohazardous shell). It is incredibly difficult to destroy as the defense mechanism is highly adapted for most threats, withstanding several techniques of large scale conceptual annihilation. Despite this, although its defense mechanism is quite complex, Q-205 is static (unable to learn autonomously) and can only improve with the consumption of more suitable concepts.
Origin
[
]
Q-205's origin remains unclear, however, the current leading hypothesis is that it formed as the remnants of an alien species' ideas. Specifically, this species was eradicated, and it's ideas had escaped the species' universe. It then began to conglomerate into one entity. This conglomeration was mostly defenseless, but, as it slowly consumed information, it attached to another idea complex and combined to form it's current configuration.
Q-205 is estimated to be 19 billion years old, approximately 6 billion years older than our own universe. It consumes languages relatively slowly, and has a stable existence. It has no danger to many civilizations, as a result.