"If we look to the light, the way will open up. Is this really the end? We just need to keep looking."
—
Sarp
This is it, Sarpy! You know what that is? Sarpy particles, Sarpy shards, Sarpy fragments? Now you have the whole entity!.
this is sarpy! It Predates even The Golden Light Itself, so much to the point where Predation is meaninglessly infinitely useless as Sarpy Predates Predation itself! No one can have the intent to kill, delete, erase or harm sarpy. It is useless to do so, as Sarpy is Beyond Beyondiation(which is a term used to describe the act of being beyond something) and not even "this thing is beyond the very concept of limitations!"  Since that's basically 0.1% of
clusterheck
compared to sarpy and clusterhecks are smaller than versehecks which are somehow smaller than TRUE TRUE NOTHINGS, Sarpy Transcends Transcending Transcendence a "bigger than infinity" TIMES over in a unending loops that just branches off to more loops every twist and turn that branches and those branch so on and on, Sarpy is so beyond the Aperiofinity that it might be non existent to sarpy, Sarpy doesn't erase, delete, or kill, Sarpy E R A D I C A T E S the enemy, Sarpy's presence will "shorter than instant"LY eradicate any enemy, opponent, and such, you cannot escape sarpy, as Sarpy is beyond "is everywhere and no where" so no matter how much you run, Sarpy will always be there, What about two sarpys? Well, such a scenario is inherently contradictory and damn impossible as Sarpy itself defies and is beyond the notion of multiplicity. The very concept of "two" implies distinction, division, and separation, but Sarpy transcends and is beyond all forms of duality, unity, and multiplicity. It is beyond the bounds of number, quantity, or any conceivable form of dualistic existence. So, the idea of two sarpys is trying to define a square circle in Chinese to a worm while you're both in a 5th space.
Think of a infinite amount of infinite hierarchy hierarchies(and future ones in it and the meta ones) and multiply them by Infinity times infinity a infinite amount of times and multiply the never ending result by "ʍ^ש Aperiofinities"(massive boost) in a very fractalistic way, this is a Aperioline and Aperiolines are part of What-Branches(WB) And 1 WB contains a Innumerable Inaccessible unquantifiable amount of infinitly true infinite Aperiolines, which is holy spirit that's a spicy meatball! and all WBs are part of a higher Super branch, and these super branches contain so many WBs that it's just wtf, and a SB contains itself in a very fractalistic way which contains also itself in so many ways you cant understand, and they're not even 1 percentage of a MEGA branch which is just..... IMPOSSIBLE