“
THIS IS NOT A REFERENCE TO YOUR DAMN TOILETS!!! IT'S MY SURNAME! it's polish!
”
— Mike Skidiri, a scientist at the Large Bababooey Collider.
Skidiri Quark
Properties
Mass
54.3 ± 0.2 MeV/c
2
Charge
+1⅓ e
Spin
-½ ħ
Color Charge?
No
Section Header
Useful for
Advanced quantum computing
The
Skidiri Quark
(symbol: k. as "s" was already taken by the
strange quark
)
is an uncommon
quark
. In the laws of physics of
our universe
, it has a half-life of ~4.3 nanoseconds, so it can only really be used if it is
mutated
to make it completely stable
(k
LΩ
)
.
Mike Value
[
]
All of the skidiri quarks have the very interesting property of having a numerical value attached to them - the Mike Value
(Scientist's Note: It would be boring if it was just Skidiri again, so we took his first name instead)
. This value can be modified and read, which essentially makes the skidiri quark a variable holder. The Mike Value can be any real integer.
The Mike Value can be modified by:
Colliding with a
rizz quark
at a speed of <1.223% lightspeed: -1 to Mike Value
Colliding with a rizz quark at a speed of >1.223% lightspeed: +2 to Mike Value
Colliding with any
lepton
: +1 to Mike Value
Colliding with another skidiri quark at <1.529% lightspeed: Both Mike Values are multiplied by the Mike Value of the other skidiri quark.
Colliding with another skidiri quark at >1.529% lightspeed: The Mike Value of the faster skidiri quark is raised to the power of the Mike Value of the slower one. The Mike Value of the slower skidiri quark is set to its nth root, where n is the Mike Value of the faster skidiri quark. If a 0
0
operation is attempted, both quarks are annihilated. If the result is a rational number, it gets rounded down. If the result is imaginary, both quarks are annihilated.
Colliding with an antiskidiri quark: The Mike Value of the regular matter quark is divided by the inverse of the Mike Value of the antiskidiri quark, rounded down. The Mike Value of the antiskidiri quark is set to the remainder of the operation. If a division by 0 is attempted, both quarks are annihilated.
Colliding with a
neutreskidiri
quark (k̃): The Mike Value of the regular matter quark is set to its logarithm with its base being the Mike Value of the neutreskidiri quark. The Mike Value of the neutreskidiri quark is inverted.
We are yet to confirm where this property comes from.
History
[
]
The Skidiri Quark was first synthesized in the year 2341, when scientists at the Large Bababooey Collider were conducting experiments with
preons
. The Mike Value was only discovered in the year 2930, because quantum mutations had to be executed for the particle to have a long enough lifetime to be able to be studied in depth.