Sky
An image of a Sky taken by a being from the 30,234th realm, who calls themselves Kan.
Scale
Size
~56,000,000,000,000,000 times larger than a
Field
on average
Kardashev Scale
1.7 Coloni
Location
Contained by
Betasms
,
Seventh Realms
Contains
The Fields
,
Orbis
, coros
Contents
1
About
1.1
Internal protection
1.2
Contents
2
Local discovered entities
About
[
]
The
Skies
are the vast expanse outside of
the Fields
. There are exactly 5 Fields in our sky (which also is the average amount for one), all of which are allied forces.
Internal protection
[
]
Skies used to be thought of as everything that could be discovered, not because of their enormus size, but because of the sheer power of the
beings
inside of them, which kept anything from getting out.
Contents
[
]
For being
voids
, Skies are surprisingly full, with over 1% of them being tangible
matter
, mostly from the hundreds of omnipotent beings populating them. Skies are populated with several
Orbis
from their five Fields, but are even more populated with coros from Orbis that became Class 2 and spread them all over their local Skies.
Local discovered entities
[
]
The first entity in our Sky that was discovered were its own
stars
, which shot highly unstable Type 2 Orbis at things in sky with the rate of fire increasing the closer they got to the edge.
The second
species
discovered on it is actually a group of beings known as wireframe entities. Wireframe entities appear as a glowing outline of the being's true image, and they're capable of destroying large chunks of the Fields with a single strike of their fist. The only downside is that they can be physically attacked, meaning they can be killed by the lasers from the latters. Wireframe entities make up 80% of the entities in our Sky, representating a major threat in it.
The third type of entity discovered in our Sky are known as Super Shurikens. Super Shurikens are large metal pieces that are 40 normal Orbis thick and roughly half the length of the Fields. They can fly around at speeds about 1.2 x faster than them, but because of their shape, a well placed laser shot can easily bring one down. Super shurikens make up 15% of the entities in sky.
The fourth and final type of entity discovered in our Sky were type 2
Tail Lumps
. They make up 5% of the beings in sky.