Something
Scale
Size
number of verses in THE Library × size of
THE Library
in meters
EUSI
Unknown
Finality Index
Between 2&3
FOEI
More than 1
Dimensionality
Higher than the previous verse
Kardashev Scale
0.1
Properties
Temperature
approximately 1.79*10
308
ºC
Class
9
Life Percentage
0.000...001%
Shape
a jagged, seemingly endless hellish landscape
Density (Void Percentage)
Varies a lot
Position
Contained by:
Isolation
Contains:
THE Library
,
The Facility
,
Obama-Xenoverse
and countless other objects
Something
is the verse that contains
THE Library
.
Structure and Appearance
[
]
Something is basically an endless, jagged, hellish landscape with occasional structures half-buried in the ground. It seemingly stretches forever, no matter how far you go. Some points are higher than others, and none of the jagged structures repeat. The sky glows a shade of orange, and there is a thin fog that prevents you from seeing too far. The ground is also colored very weird. Further analysis has to be done on the substance the makes up the jagged structures and the ground of Something.
Weird Objects found
[
]
There are many objects and structures found amidst Something. Some are normal, like occasional buried spacecraft and some
THE Libraries
scattered around. However, some objects are way more strange. For example, one object found was a small sphere that could change states of matter at will. It also appeared to be sentient. Another was a tablet with an inscription on it. The material the tablet was made out of is unknown, and the language written on it has never been deciphered, but the most of astronomers and hypercosmologers have create theories about the tablet origin but the most agreed one is that the tablet come from a civilisation that was able to live in Something conditions and forgot one of their tablets here and leave the Something, or a civilisation died here and the tablet survived. One of more dangerous ones was a huge dispenser that dispensed a random object, projectile, or matter every 128 seconds.
A massive facility
of sorts filled with a dark, viscous, and extremely corrosive material and a massive generator apparently running on creatures' bodily fluids was also found. The exact purpose of this facility is still debated, but the common consensus was that this was a testing facility. A few hours later after bringing it into the lab, it was found out to be a special form of
toxicuandaic slurry
Many of the objects have been brought to the
Ontological Museum
for further study. All of these hint to an extremely advanced civilization that once lived here, but possibly died out due to the heat. No one knows for sure what actually happened.
Remaining(?) Life
[
]
Even though the temperature is extremely high, there is still life in Something. This life is extremely rudimentary, and they also exist in small numbers. Most are concentrated at specific areas in Something. They have created small towns of a sort, and have given themselves names.