The Impossible Rooster
lol
Rules over
The Probability of Everything
Age
Beyond Eternal
Size
Any Size
Knowledge
Absolute Omniscience
Power
Absolute Omnipotence
Goals
Achieve Everything
Species
Supreme chicken
The Impossible Rooster is the luckiest being ever. He destroys all odds and can do anything that is possible or impossible in any way. but it doesn’t make sense, if the impossible rooster can do anything that is said to be impossible to anyone, doesnt that mean that it’s possible? No, because yes.
“
He has no limits
” -
dude with a mop
Contents
1
Power
2
Gaming Achievements
3
Physical Achievements
4
Writing Achievements
5
Other
Power
[
]
The Impossible Rooster transcends all odds, he is able to Dream all ideas and possibilities into being.
He is limitless, his power is beyond the concepts of omnipotence, he can do the most impossible things in any time, any moment, and in any way, like drinking the entire Pacific Ocean in 1 second by using a small straw while simultaneously winning an intergalactic chess tournament.
Gaming Achievements
[
]
The Impossible Rooster has accomplished nearly everything, but I’m just going to list his most impossible accomplishments here.
Beat Silent Circles blindfolded - (Geometry Dash)
Beat Chaotic Tower easily - (Roblox)
1-shotted all of the overlords in Random RPG Game at once before they even came out without even touching the computer - (Roblox)
Beat Minecraft, without taking any damage, or moving, or crafting anything, in 2.18 seconds. (Minecraft)
Beat every Osu Mania beatmap. - (Osu Mania)
Got an Infinite Score in Flappy Bird - (I think you know)
Beat Trials of Death, and after that the impossible rooster completed every single level. - (every Mario Maker game ever)
Beat the Sans Boss Fight first try by spamming keys while looking away from the computer (Undertale)
Beat OoEDA in 0.01 seconds - (Roblox)
Beat all the Item Abuse levels in -1 second - (Super Mario Maker)
Did the credits warp without doing the credits warp - (Super Mario World)
Completed the Knife party - Centipede level on osu! before the game existed or the song existed. - (osu!)
One shotted
Chaos
in a virtual reality simulator
Beat Chioro (Geometry Dash)
Beat Tower (Geometry dash)
Beat Dolorem Aeterna (Geometry dash)
Beat every level that had silent or impossible in its name, including literally impossible levels. (Geometry dash)
Beat all the levels - (I Wanna Maker)
Physical Achievements
[
]
There is no limit - dude with a mop
Writing Achievements
[
]
Wrote a page in All Dimensions Wiki which was longer than
Thegatus
and any page in Verse and Dimensions Wiki but was very well-written and loved by all AD, VAD, and even BU editors.
Wrote a
ω
2
×
ℵ
γ
+
2
{\displaystyle \omega _{2}\times \aleph _{\gamma }+2}
page long book in a negative amount of time, whilst being stationary in an empty void with nothing to create the book out of, not even nothing.
Other
[
]
This page got a 0/10 rating by Carl The Redeemer
This is my worst page.