The Bat-GOD
The Bat-GOD.
Age
20 billion Earth Years
Size
Same as
Alphasm
Knowledge
...
Power
Post-
Alphasm
Goals
Unknown
Species
Bat like cosmic entities
“
I AM THE BAT-GOD!
”
— The Bat-GOD
The
Bat-GOD
Is a bat like cosmic entity post
Alphasm
. He is kind of mysterious since few mortal beings really talk to him. He is sometimes called 'Batman' by the few mortals who've seen him even though he is nothing like the Infamous DC comics vigilante except being Bat Themed.
He visits various versions of Earth and other planets with intelligent life to live amongst them in order to figure out what it's like a weak mortal sometimes. Though is certain that he does sometimes pretend to be Several Celebrities to experience the sorts of lives they do.
He commands Bats and other similar entities across various realities. As many beings he can shapeshift and taken on several different forms including those of different alien species and can even peer into
The Sphere
, although his ability to go inside it is unclear.
This guy is not usually interacting with other Cosmic Entities, so he's left alone most of the time. He has been known to have entities claiming to be relatives of the Bat-GOD. Even though as a member of his Cosmic entity race, he doesn't really possess siblings or parents, being created in a different way by using two other members of his kind's essence to form him. However, he has to deal with other members of his celestial species including
Batros
,
Batgodor
and others. These other members tend to be jealous or try to convince the Bat-GOD to go on a wrathful path across several verses for their own benefit.
He is generally a peaceful and chill guy. However, he is not above violence and going "intense" by human standards, in fact he's done it before. Even living out moments pulled right out of the Batman comics or films; however, it is probably not intentional as he isn't naturally similar to him.
His limit:
archreality
Trivia
[
]
He has encountered the
Pointlessly Omnipotent Worm
and thought it was pointless and that the worm shouldn't have that much supreme power.