Hello, I am back. I am very mad at this wiki because of how people edit my pages for absolutely no reasons. If you are reading this(which you probably are) then please don't edit my pages without asking. I was actually about to quit but I had an idea for a page I could make in this wiki.
(This is Fanmade and fictional and theoretically so please don't take this seriously)
This is very advanced and weird and too complex, so you won't proboly understand allot.
The symbol usually used
Contents
1
Explanation
1.1
Beyond
1.2
Class 6
1.3
Class ???
2
The Largest Number
3
Icon representation
4
Trivia
4.1
Ranking of How Huge (Fictional, Theoretically)
Explanation
[
]
So this might be the largest number (it's not sure).
What so ever I will still explain how this works.
So you all know theories, they are people mind and thinking. This is just another theory made by: yaylolooo. This number is theoretically larger or bigger than Infinity. This number is the prime of theories, this is the ultimate. Now let's talk about infinity, infinity is an loop that's never end. Infinity does'nt have to be an loop, but it's something that never ends. If you would call a planet size of Infinity then the planet either have to be growing infinitely or it's size of pretty much everything. Now as you all know infinity is the largest "number" and nothing can surpass it for being never-ending. But what if I told you there can be something larger?
When I mean something can be larger I'm not talking about Infinity
²
or larger squared number. I mean literally larger. You scientist and genius might say that's impossible but I say it's theoretically possible (remember this is a theory). Now, if I had 2 verses with the size of Infinity, how many infinities do I have then? Well the answer is 2 Infinities. So, let's say this verse with the size of infinity is contained by another bigger infinity verse then contained by bigger... Now this continues with bigger and bigger infinites containing infinitiv infinities. So?, What happends now? Well, now let's go deeper into advanced mathematics.
If I had infinity apples (which is possible with fractal) and I also have infinity bananas. Now I add the apples and bananas together which you would call either 2 fractals or 2 infinities. Now keep that on mind because we will be talking about impossibly stuff and things in the pretty much everything. So as you can understand impossible maths is possible. We could also multiply infinity with infinity which would only become an bigger infinity like we talked about before. But we want to go further, we want to go to the impossibly and way beyond which is possible with using the power of impossible advanced mathematics. So we can't just plus infinity with infinity that would give us nothing really, but we gotta use an very advanced math method to get the largest number possible. I sadly don't know all the math methods in the world but we could take help of
Googology Wiki
and
Wikipedia
. But I'm not a dumb fool because Wikipedia and googology wiki would only show the possibly theoretically possible  math methods. So we will have to be using theoretically impossible very advanced math methods. So let's take the infinity with T.I.VD.MT (theoretically impossibly very advanced math method) with another infinity and we will keep doing that until we get out final answer which would be THE UNKOWN.
Alright, alright we have gotten to THE UNKOWN. This is the impossible, we human beings just give up. We don't want to go further in the unkown or the impossible. Our theories end here, we won't explore deeper. But if we really want the largest number we have to go further. Alright, The Unkown is absolutely unkown. We have no ideas or clues of what it is, some people would call it void and some people would call it the end and some people would call it nothing. THE UNKOWN is unkown times larger than
The final Infinity
.
Afterall we people have given up explore THE UNKOWN so we won't figure out. Only the few of the fewest would like to go further from this point and would never ask more questions. But I will continue. THE UNKOWN is an impossible "number" it's none-explored so called "number" so if we want to go beyond from here we want to go further in the "void" which some people call it. I also call it void because
nothing
would be absolutely nothing containing nothing and being nothing unlike the
void
being an entity.
The Unkown
is also truely beyond mathematics so we are not able to use mathematics to go beyond it. We will have to use the impossible to go beyond it. We have to go very very deep in to the void, to the semi-Nothing. After a while we have gone into
Anywhere
with the size of Impossible / 2.
We have reached a new number known as Impossible / 2, but we can go more and larger impossibly numbers. So we would need to go even deeper and further where we will be going past
Everywhere
until we have gotten into
The MAX
. The MAX is theoretically the end of the infinitely impossibly and is only described with nothingness. Going even further than this will lead us to the TRUE UNKOWN and the ABSOLUTELY NOTHINGESS, and that's where we are heading next.
NA
,
we are in the absolutely truest complex, in the absolutely deepest void. There are nothing here, just
NA.
After going for an extremely long trip we have finnaly reached something. We have arrived in the Super NA which is "Endlessly + 2 NAs". We are in the borderline. We're going further and further becomming bigger and bigger, soon we're in the
Final NA
which is pretty much
The Truesest Deepest Absolutely TRUE BORDERLINE Ending of Nothingness
. This is not even numbers anymore it's just
Way Too Advanced and Impossible Stuff
now. After -
inf
{\displaystyle \inf}
OYC
we're in
The End
.
There are no words to describe it but
The End
. You would proboly like to give up now, but then we would never get to The Largest Number. So we continued our journey......
Beyond
[
]
dfjhshjfdsjf? sdiidfjjfd?  fhdjfd... jsdafjfds-- ---__-_ -, Oh, It's you... hey.. Ive been going in a straight line for almost 0.3
OYC
. I wonder when this journey ends..... I have surpassed Class 5 in
The Offical Hierarchy
. Where every size is described with a few words/
mathematics+huge
or
Truesest Unkown
.
Class 6
[
]
__----_---_--..--.-...--.-..??+++0¨''¨¨6773264342 . Oh.. It's uhmm.. do I know you?? ....(*Whispers The *Second Ream*The Second Realm*[
MBN
]
Class ???
[
]
iT's t0O c0mplIcaTeD....
The Largest Number
[
]
Do you know about realms?
Realms
are as we call them "Evrything". The number you are seeking is
TOO MUCH
compared to
Realms.
The number you are seeking is bigger than
The Perfect Imperium
.
This is
Simply beyond
The Answer to Everything
.
This number is bigger than any god-like and cosmic entities.
Examples of cosmic-entities this is bigger than:
The Primordial
,
A L P H A S M
,
Bean Man
and all
Transcendent Omni-God
This number is impossibly too complicated many
Vsaue's
The only this number can't surpass is
The Collective
&
The Editor
This is a high
End-All-Be-All
-number
Remember this is a theory and everything is called "Impossibly" so don't argue about this being absolute fake and stuff.
This also might not be the largest number in existence but I tried too make it the molst understandable and realistic as possible.
The Final Number
is
thought
to be the container of The Variety which comes in Class 6 in The Offical Hierarchy but there is
no proof
it is.
Icon representation
[
]
The Icon representation is an dot, but this dot is very large in real life. The dot is one of the largest dot's in existence.
There is allot of other ways to write/make the number but the easiest is making an white dot in the middle of darkness.
Trivia
[
]
This is a End-Class number (beyond Uncomputable numbers and mathematics advanced impossibly numbers like:
Aleph null
,
Cantor's Absolute Infinity
,
The Absolute - ƒ
)
This number is bigger than any infinities in existence. This number does'nt have anything inside it, it's just Huge. This number is huger than any other Huge object. [If you wonder what I mean by huge, I mean dimensionly huge], numbers like:
The Absolute -0
is nothing compared to this, it belongs to the
Huge
class which is theoretically between mathematics and impossible class. But this number is simply beyond. This is larger than any "
The Absolute
" concepts. This is really just an simply beyond class {theoretically}. Any mathematical numbers would just glitch even trying to get to this numbers. Not even mathematical functions can get to this (for an example:
BAF
)
. Also I forgot to mention about the Glitch Class, it's an group of numbers broken and pretty much unfuctional and
Too Impossible
, but this number is an End-Class (the final and last class). Just like how there is The Beginning there is an End. This is a part of the deep deep dark end. This is an very very high End-Class, but yes, there is stuff surpassing this with being unexplainable and being the Truesest End. This is also beyond any god-forms.
Ranking of How Huge (Fictional, Theoretically)
[
]
This is ranking of how huge this is in the End-Class (btw: this is my thinking, you can say infinity is the absolute end but I say there is
Bigger
). Also this does'nt mention eveything added in this page, this will mention other
Stuff
I want to mention in my page. This is also to make you understand the size of this (theoretically)
Ranking
Name:
Rank/Size:
The Largest Number
The End-Be-All Cult
Endlessly Impossible Number
Gerald
Unkown
Hierarchical Tunnel
(Average) Size of an Hierarchy
Oni
Indescribable
Perspective Space
whatever size you think Perspective Space is
(ALL)
Finality Index
very large verses, containers, etc...
Ald Imensions
Undescribable
The Core of Everything
???
The Infocopier
(Average) 1/1,000,000 of The Core of Everything
Dunkeyverse
Beyond
Donkey Kong
(Average) 85 Meters