The Eye
Rules over
Nothing
Age
At least 10
100
1,000
OYC
Size
Usually 4 ~ 17 meters in height
Knowledge
Indescribably high
Power
very high
Goals
To eradicate all beings who appear to be a threat in its local
Multiverse
Species
Unknown
The Eye is an extremely powerful entity shaped like a tetrahedron with a massive "eye" on one of the faces.
Contents
1
Powers
2
Origins
3
Residence
4
Army
Powers
[
]
The Eye is extraordinarily powerful, at least being able to destroy large planets with ease. Here are a list of its abilities. They include:
Being able to distort time/space
Being able to vaporize enemies with energy beams of some sort
Being able to move objects on the cosmic scale
Being able to create things out of nothing
Being able to trap entities in a limbo-like space within itself
Having extrasensory perception
being able to read other creatures' minds
Origins
[
]
The Eye's exact origins are unknown. One theory says that The Eye is related to
The Entrigeri
, due to it somehow being able to speak the Entrigeri language very fluently. This theory is probably untrue, since The Eye knows nothing about The Entrigeri's origins, culture, or history.
Residence
[
]
The Eye resides in the center of an extremely large cube-shaped spacecraft over 103 AU wide. This cube, dubbed as the "Cubecraft", is heavily armored and is already extremely strong, being able to separate parts of itself easily for a quick escape or just straight up obliterating a planet instantly with its many large guns hidden under the armor of the craft.
The Eye has full control over this cube, and can do whatever it wants with it.
The Eye will hibernate and not leave the cube unless a serious problem arises or it is being attacked. The longer The Eye rests, the more powerful it will be when it finally stops resting.
Army
[
]
The Eye also controls a massive army which is used to carry out tasks which The Eye instructs them to do. This army resides within the Cubecraft, but many are stationed across many
universes
. There are over
10
18
{\displaystyle 10^{18}}
soldiers in the army, making it one of the largest armies in the entire
Multiverse
. This army is bitter enemies with an artificial army created by
The Hwprgtwkantf
, known as "
The Outsiders
" to The Eye's army. They have been fighting all across the Multiverse, causing countless casualties.