The Seeker
An image of the Seeker that it itself made as a way to represent itself.
Rules over
The Isolation
Age
Unknown
Size
Unknown
Knowledge
Unknown, thought to be extremely high, with potential sentience
Power
Extremely powerful, can destroy entire
verses
/ realities with just its mind
Goals
To destroy whatever
verse
it doesn't see fit
Species
Unknown
About
[
]
The
Seeker
is a mysterious
entity
that isn't contained by any barriers or
verses
(with an exception being its own
realm
, the
Isolation
), meaning it exists outside of everything else in its
Boxial
. It doesn't often interact with others, and waits more than anything else.
Many instances of it fighting a
Cosmogical Recycler
have already been reported. The Seeker always wins those battles, glitching the CR into random
Thingks
before it escapes and gets in a new conflicr with it.
Abilities
[
]
Every 10
OYC
, it will instantly destroy a random verse or cosmic entity within its Boxial. Said affected thing will be gone permanently, and can't be recovered unless entities such as a
TOG
intervene.
The Seeker has also been known to instantly destroy some extremely powerful
Omni-Gods
, some not killed before. One of its victims was
Uywihug
. It is also capable of traveling to its local
Second Realm
as well. The Seeker is not able to terminate any
Ascendent Omni-God
, though.
The only parts about the Seeker that are sufficiently understood are some
voids
it has made over time, which are leftovers of obliterated verses. These voids can't be destroyed or changed, meaning they WILL be a void permanently. If anything that is weak enough enters these voids, they will glitch into random Thingks. Said Thingks can't be casually escaped from.
It is unknown what the Seeker truly looks like, or what it is. The picture shows one assumed impression of said entity. One of the reasons this happens is because the Seeker can move through verses completely undetected, and no current technology can detect it.
Intelligent
civilizations
assume "breaking the Seeker," where they would lure the Seeker to a glitched location, causing it to glitch. However, the Seeker is seen as a glitch, so this may be ineffective.
The Seeker is only incapable of destroying two verses within its reach, these being
Nvgngyu
and
Unaniversius
(
Anianimatiuns
,
Hwragnapki
). The Seeker has attempted to destroy both, but Nvgngyu uses its sentience to avoid the Seeker's destruction, and can't kill the Anianimatiuns (Hwragnapki) due to the having a different form of
materials
used in their verse, alongside also having sentience.
If you want to enter the Seeker's voids, click
here
.
Seekrophobia
[
]
Seekrophobia
is a phobia given to entities that fear destruction from the Seeker, and Seekmares are nightmares including the Seeker as a maim component in them. Many entities within our local Boxial have trouble with Seekrophobia, and some will die in sleep during Seekmares. Seekmares are also speculated to strengthen the Seeker itself, with evidence of pre-planning the destruction of several verses with civilizations that have a huge issue with Seekrophobia.