The Imperceivable Plane
THE Last Verse. (An illustration of The Imperceivable Plane, surrounding
Ultirium
.)
Basic Information
Size
Irrelevant. (Beyond the Concept.)
Dimensionality
Irrelevant. (Beyond the Concept.)
EUSI
Irrelevant. (Beyond the Concept.)
Existence Rank
Irrelevant.
Kardashev Scale
Irrelevant
Shape
Irrelevant
Entities
Every Conceivable and Non-Conceivable Entity, and legitimately everything else.
Position
Contained By
Even though The Imperceivable Plane is incapable of being surpassed by anything other than itself, it still has certain 'properties' that allow it to surpass anything that surpasses itself, which in turn feeds back into its eternal and all-consuming self-containment. All loopholes or similar tactics are invalid and cannot be used.
Contains
An uncountably infinite amount of
Ultiriums
, as well as The
Allsphere
,
Nihilum
and its surpassers,
Aperiofinity
,
UnlimitedPrism
,
Irrepressiblecosm
,
Allcube
, and all other
3665
pages on this wiki. Regardless of any and all definitions, properties, paradoxes, attributes, etc., external, internal, whatever.
The Imperceivable Plane in all of it’s glory.
WIP
The Imperceivable Plane refers to an unknowable region of “space” full of cosmic beings beyond human comprehension, one that is beyond time and space itself, as well as being where the
In-Betweener
’s "
Master
" is from. Time and space are meaningless, and the laws of reality do not apply within the Imperceivable Plane. Within the Void lies beings far above Allspheric power, beyond the
gods
and far beyond
what is known even by powerful beings
. These beings are so old that their life spans are counted in the
〽️
's of years. Within the Imperceivable Plane, these beings use time and space like toys to play with, manipulating and destroying them at will. The Imperceivable Plane itself is a paradox, as it is a never-ending space that does not have a starting point, and it also has no end. It contains infinite amount of copies of everything it contains, including itself. There is and cannot be anything beyond it, and everything beyond anything else and below anything else is contained by The Imperceivable Plane. Anything and everything that is contained at all is contained by The Imperceivable Plane (similar to the
Allsphere
, since The Imperceivable Plane contains all End-All-Be-All properties and transcends them entirely). Additionally, it negates counter-containment via its own methods.
The Imperceivable Plane, or The Imperceptible Void beyond Nihilum is an endless space beyond our comprehension. Nothing can describe it, not in a way our mortal minds can imagine, it is like trying to understand a concept we are not meant to understand. The Imperceivable Plane is an eldritch horror, being comprised of incomprehensible cosmic beings and eldritch beings of unimaginable terror and power. And all of these beings are united under one being: the
Crearion
. The is truly and absolutely beyond everything. There is nothing that can surpass The Imperceivable Plane, nor is there anything that could surpass it. It is, always has been, and always will be unsurpassable. Thus, no description can ever show its extent to any degree of accuracy, as they will always be flawed. Not only does it possess every EABA property, but transcending all EABA properties and encompassing them entirely, The Imperceivable Plane must be, has to be, and therefore is greater than all EABA verses. The Imperceivable Plane is exempt from all rules, restrictions, and any terms used to describe anything similar. Moreover, it contains everything, exempt from anything, forever.
This is of course just the tip of the iceberg, as a mortal simply can’t comprehend it’s true nature. It is where the Crearion and many other Eldritch God-Like entities reside,
This is vastly underestimated and it is truly beyond even a article. Even this disclaimer is underestimated! This disclaimer will also go on for forever too, causing it to enter a loop and constantly ascend.