The True Waterfall
The True Waterfall. It is actually full of verses, just none of them are big enough to change the image.
Scale
Size
∞(ω, ∞(0, ω)) using
LAIF
(used to be absoluteness fixed point but it turned out that was bigger than the infinite chain)
EUSI
Possibly Inapplicable
Finality Index
Possibly Inapplicable
Dimensionality
Possibly Inapplicable
Kardashev Scale
Inapplicable
Properties
Temperature
Inapplicable
Class
15
Life Percentage
<Infinitesimal
Position
Contained by:
The
Resetation Voids
.
If you want to go through the Finality Chain then go to
the Clocks
, however this assumes that TTW is fully definable with finite properties, however most verses are not.
If you want to skip the Finality Chain and go straight to realms, go to
the First Realms
.
If you want to skip all that however, you can go to
Alphasms
and
Everything Layers
.
Contains:
The Subfinal Verses
,
𒈙s
,
Iteriversjes
and many unknown verses
The True Waterfall is
the final verse of
TEH
and is basically a giant waterfall with a bunch of verses inside. Many new verses, most that have properties indescribable in the English language, form here.
This verse is very similar in a bunch of ways to
the Waterfall
, however this is because the biggest verse with an existing page when the TOG that created The True Waterfall WAS The Waterfall.
Contents
1
Versitite and formation of verses in TTW
2
Amalgamverses
3
End of the river
4
Bottom of the pond
Versitite and formation of verses in TTW
[
]
The waterfall's water is not actually H2O, but instead
Versitite
, a liquid that easily coagulates into verses. If a verse is still forming and Versitite flows into it, it may form the verses inside of that verse, however before the barrier finishes forming, these verses can move out at any time. Clumps of the coagulated Versitite usually escape the uncoagulated Versitite and land on a rock to continue forming into a verse. These verses on the rocks get completely stuck to the rock, forming small amounts of "moss". There is a dynamic and infinite supply of Versitite, and which verses that Versitite forms is driven by true randomness.
Sometimes Versitite splashes onto rocks, forming many new verses and verses that contain those. In the Versitite, this still happens in a way, with new verses forming that contain others. When the Versitite splashes onto rocks, the verses in there also fall on, causing them to be punctured by the rock and the physics in that verse to have no real boundary, causing many other events. The verses pull the physics back into themselves and use the rock as another part of its barrier. Since still-forming verses haven't formed laws of physics yet, this effect does not occur for them.
Of course there are casualties for this...
Amalgamverses
[
]
When verses recover from being punctured by impact onto the rocks, the physics sometimes get tied with physics of other verses if physics flow out at the same time. When trying to reel the physics back in the verses, they can't properly do it, and instead pull themselves to each other. When they meet, they try to seal themselves, but can't. They end up gluing themselves to each other. When the time the verse will take to seal itself has passed after the physics
should
be all back in the verse, it stops attempting to suck the physics back in. The two physics mix, causing chaos in the two verses.
These verses mushed together are called Amalgamverses. They are known to be particularly chaotic inside and will corrupt anything inside. They slowly disintegrate back into Versitite to form back into regular verses.
End of the river
[
]
No verse has ever found its way to the end of the river and came back. Some theorize it will end back up to the start of the waterfall, however this has been confirmed by Gerald to not be the case.
Every verse that reaches the end of the river ends up in a pond where not only verses, but cosmic entities reside. This pond has cosmic entities called Riverians that are formed in a way such that their purpose is to salvage desolate verses or Amalgamverses into new verses. These new verses will either stick to the edges of the pond or float on top. If the Riverians can't salvage the verses before the verses reach a low point, the verses will sink to a more sinister part of the pond. Riverians can be formed by Versitite and go through the river into the pond. Due to this fact, some Riverians have even salvaged verses to take in Versitite and coagulate it into more Riverians.
Bottom of the pond
[
]
At the bottom of the pond, it's very dark and many super powerful entities called Twisted Riverians which consume the verses entirely, and some of the other Riverians have even been eaten by the Twisted Riverians. If the verses survive the bottom, they will continue to grow by some Versitite at the bottom and some of this Versitite can be absorbed inside the verse and accumulate into more Twisted Riverians.