Contents
1
B.A.C.K.G.R.O.U.N.D
2
Facts about the Container Of All Imagination.
3
S.T.A.T.S
4
L.O.R.E
5
The End
B.A.C.K.G.R.O.U.N.D
[
]
There was once a time that had all imagination into the parts of fiction itself, regardless if it should not even exist at this point. Fiction just has the most intense biggest things on there. 'WE' are the ones that control what has gone here, and deleted. If anything lays beyond this, then it will determine how it has been used as something nonexistent.
The container has full of imagination by the concept of determination and all of the dimensions combined to here. This has full sets of type 1's, type 2's, type 3's, and even type 4's. By any means of creators that created the several 'imaginations' as what it wants to be, this dimension is constantly expanding due to the fact it already contains possible and impossible factors of media. It has seen parts of the real recipe of time and reality, that would have already been thinking outside the box for many times as possible.
If not seen by the boundaries of walls, its too beyond far the mind of human possibility's of any mind settings. Facts are included in the hollow depths of a unknown structure given to the container. Or possibly from another dimension. As this continues to grow in size, its limit is unknown for the mindset.
Facts about the Container Of All Imagination.
[
]
The internesity of the whole 'internet' itself is true infinity. Well used in terms nothing can go farther than infinity. It is used in the 'Author Proposal' that in a term.
This may be the biggest thing, or not. If have seen anything bigger, then its a whole different story.
This is what the 7 principles have made to. Its something about what presurfance they are giving about. Not to mention the
V e r s e s
, as they are a completely different thing besides all the other biggest things.
Both
???
, and
Hazosphere
are ones that did not create this, but made its boundary. However, thats only from a author's view of thought, And not jointed to
All dimensions Wiki
. That means the true answer would be itself.
The shape of this is a 10D Hexagon, which provides the 10D from other dimensions. But the hexagon is also round. This can also be shaped to a literal box, or a perfect sphere.
Cosmic Jail
has something to do about this, as it is were hings gather up to the 'jails' space. This is thought to be a usual transition.
Everywhere
can lead to here as seen from the following containing it. It can also be seen from the container of here, by imaginations.
This could be the strongest structure in the wiki, but has a chance it could be contained by the whole media as aprossing this to just be part of the media since this was created. And yes, its the 'internet'.
If tried to escape here, then you would be brought to the dark hole of the information. It is a unknown type of black hole that has stuff like the
End of Chain
.
Infact, it not all about the internet, but about the creation of space itself, and on this wiki, in fiction. This also has all factors of memes in there. Some of these memes are from the memeverse. So the container of all imagination is not just a ring, but all of the sorts gathered here. Life is 100% valid on this, And it continues on. This container is impossible to destroy. Not even the events from several things in the wiki can destroy it.
...
..
.
Someone can edit this page and guess the size of this if they want to.
Fun Fact: We really dont know how much stables are in this container, which makes this extremely huge.
S.T.A.T.S
[
]
Contains a whole bunch of everything
Can shape into any shape of dimensionallity.
One of the biggest structures in the wiki.
Size: Extreme Immcompherbality Ω+++
Contained By: The Medianixual
Has 100% full of life.
Moves faster than the fastest.
One of the strongest dimensions, but The Medianixual overlaps it.
Having a father figure
Having a mother figure
💀
As the owner MyChipsAreHot created this, he has all of the controls to it. If not with the creator, nothing controls it. It controls by itself in many ways.
All dimensions Wiki
has set up as further and beyond to the point we cant even understand the fact we are living in different timelines across the pathways we see. This somehow also contains all truths about life and death. Regardless of the dark matter goes across the light of the middle, It will live for eternity and so on. As it falls into this part, the 3,000th page of this wiki will be a masterpiece.
L.O.R.E
[
]
A camera had took a picture of TCOAI without needing to do anything)|
Correct file > An unknown entity of TCOAI had seen everything of it, and shared it with his other entities.
There are games created by itself and said to actually be good, which is very accurate, so yes, its true lore.
The memes are starting to expand, so as this container, which is indeed another true lore.
It has estimated to be the same age as how big it is, which is a theory that can be true
It has a chance to explode from another verse, which no, its not going to do that anytime soon.
They say that
The Trollface God
is roaming this page, and well, wants to keep it safe from threats usually.
There are many more lore to explore in here as to tell when you will see what there is in all of the times there is.
The End
[
]
No. Its not. In that case, i will continue working on the dimension of my creation, and so on.