The Memorial
A depiction of The Memorial
Info
Size
100 feet long, wide, and high (30.48 meters)
What type of object is it
Memorial
Dimensionality
4D
Position
Contained by
The Hugghiguyughiyuguhi
's territory
"Huha ahug gaug huh iag aih-huh-ih hiha-ahuh hahu hah hiig ahihug uih hiha huihg ya ihu-huh-ah hug hu agi huha-a hiuh-ah huhihig gu huih hiuha a-ah uh-hihah hi iahuh."
The Memorial is a large object found within
The Hugghiguyughiyuguhi
which commemorates the "soldiers" who fought for
The Hugghiguyughiyuguhi
during the war of 593
OYC
.
General Information
[
]
The Memorial is a dark shade of gray, which is considered a respectful color in Hugghiguyughiyuguhian culture.
Hughuhi
, along with many other languages, are written all over The Memorial. The writing mostly consist of the countless names of Hugghiguyughiyuguhian soldiers.
The Memorial is protected very well, as it is widely regarded to be an important object, and is watched 24/7 and defended by a team of over 500 elite soldiers.
Many attempts have been made to either deface/damage The Memorial. For most of the cases, the perpetrators were caught and subsequently jailed. However, a few of them remain hidden, and have never been found.
Countless Hugghiguyughiyuguhians visit The Memorial every
OYC
, and it has become a popular tourist destination for both Hugghiguyughiyuguhians and other species.
Brief History
[
]
The Memorial was constructed in 596 OYC, one OYC after the wars of 593 OYC were over. It originally only had Hughuhi text, although soon more languages, mainly the ones of the other civilizations involved in the conflict, were added.
The Memorial was first damaged in 601 OYC, after a hostile force from the enemy side who heavily resented The Hugghiguyughiyuguhi went into Hugghiguyughiyuguhian territory and severely damaged The Memorial. Over 1,000 soldiers were tasked with finding out the whereabouts of the enemy soldiers and killing them on sight. Out of the 56 enemy soldiers, 49 were found and killed. 7 of them are presumed to have quickly exited The Hugghiguyughiyuguhi and fled back to their home verse.
After this incident, The Hugghiguyughiyuguhi raised security measures for The Memorial, and would start to protect it more and more due to the frequent subsequent attacks on it.