The Unfinishedverse is a massive artificial verse that was being constructed by
The Hwprgtwkantf
for a still unknown purpose. The verse stopped construction halfway through due to
The Hwprgtwkantf
civilization collapsing, and today still has not been finished.
Unfinishedverse
Scale
Size
4,993,120,843,109,399,091 LY (today), 1,000,000,000,000,000,000 LY (planned)
Dimensionality
5
Kardashev Scale
1.2
Properties
Temperature
-281 degrees Celsius
Life Percentage
14%
Shape
Half-spherical
Position
Contained by:
Megaverse
Contains:
Unfinished artificial stars, planets, galaxies, and much more
Contents
1
Structure
1.1
First Section
1.2
Second Section
1.3
Third Section
1.4
Fourth Section
2
Timeline
Structure
[
]
The Unfinishedverse has a very weird and messed up structure, since many parts have not been finished and some objects inside the Unfinishedverse are only half of what they were supposed to be. A few parts are simply just empty void, and other parts are filled with matter. The Unfinishedverse has 4 sections, with 1 finished, 2 partially finished, and 1 that has not been started.
First Section
[
]
The first Section of the Unfinishedverse was the first and only section of the Unfinishedverse to be completed. The First Section was supposed to take up 35% of the Unfinishedverse, but the First Section, when it was finished, only took up 32% of the Unfinishedverse.
The First Section also has the most matter in it. Many artificial stars and planets are here, and even a few galaxies have been constructed in this section.
Second Section
[
]
The second Section of the Unfinishedverse was the second section to be started, but never got finished. After the entire
Hwprgtwkantf
civilization collapsed, this section was never finished. One half of the Second Section is filled with all kinds of planets and stars, but the other half is almost entirely void.
There are some planets and stars that straddle the border between the void area and the non-void area that are literally unfinished, with huge parts of them missing.
Third Section
[
]
The third Section of the Unfinishedverse was the last section to be started, but was barely even finished halfway through. Huge swathes of the third Section are just void, with a few planets and stars scattered around. Debris from the ships used to build this section can also be found in the voids, but quite rarely.
Fourth Section
[
]
The fourth Section of the Unfinishedverse was the one that was never started or attempted. This section is also the only section to not even exist. It was supposed to be built next to the still unfinished Third Section. What was supposed to be put inside the Fourth Section is unknown, but it was most likely just more artificial stars and planets.
Timeline
[
]
The Unfinishedverse has a surprisingly long history, spanning thousands of OYC, and even multiple
Hwprgtwkantf
dynasties. The main events are listed below.
Date
Description
3113
OYC
The Unfinishedverse starts construction during the Mglvnahw Dynasty.
3245 OYC
Artificial stars have started to be built. The first artificial planet has also been finished.
3267 OYC
The first galaxy in the Unfinishedverse is completed.
3291 OTC
The first section of the Unfinishedverse is finished.
3340 OYC
The second section of the Unfinishedverse is started.
3471 OYC
Construction is slowed due to the event in 3401 OYC.
3899 OYC
Construction on the Unfinishedverse is temporarily cancelled due to the state of the now mostly corrupt and weak Mglvnahw Dynasty.
4013 OYC
Construction resumes in the Aghislkbabt Dynasty. However, construction is very slow due to many other huge projects that the
The Hwprgtwkantf
were trying to finish.
4193 OYC
The third section of the Unfinishedverse is started. However, this section's construction stopped in 4200 OYC.
6064 OYC
Construction stops once more due to the fall of the Aghislkbabt Dynasty.
6282 OYC
Construction of the Unfinishedverse starts again in the Finladst Dynasty, albeit for a very short time.
6283 OYC
The second portion of the Unfinishedverse is halfway done.
6606 OYC
The Unfinishedverse's construction is stopped by the now almost nonexistent Finladst Dynasty.
Present
The Unfinishedverse has not been touched for thousands of OYC, and thus has been left to decay alone.