The universal hubworld is something located in almost every
Universe
. It allows you to... uh... well... see these rooms:
hallways
hubroom
cosmic prison
bathroom
probelem repourt
a room that has no use
secret room
the golden room
sus room
Henry Stickroom
another secret room
securiverse cameras
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
these are simple hallways and sometimes staircases. The hallways are usually ~7 LY (light years) thick. The thinnest ever known was ~23 AU (astronomical units) in width, while the thickest was ~4,275,382 LY thick. The staircases are really big steps, so it’s hard to use them.
this room allows you to teleport anywhere in the Universe you want. It sometimes glitches and results in a pile of subatomic particles that made up your former self floating in space wherever you wanted to teleport (unless there was gravity there, in which case the subatomic particles would fall onto whatever it was that was pullung them). Some universes banned the use of these rooms because of this.
a prison for bad cosmic interstellar or intergalactic criminals who are limited to that universe. It has standard animated TV show bar setups where most criminals are able to escape by walking through, a standard problem that animated TV shows and comics fail to adress, just like most of the staff.
it doesn’t exist in most Universal Hubworlds, but many people requested it. Only 7 universes have actually put it in place. Not much is known about these other than that because idk lol
people can report problems, but the main problem that is reported is that the name is ‘probelem repourt’ instead of ‘problem report’. The reported problems are almost never addressed. Some Hubworlds don’t even have these rooms.
ARTHNU has no use at first glance, since it is empty. However, it is hiding a secret. A room that has NO Use. See it? “No Use” without the “se” is “No U”! So you can say “No U” in this room and it’s abilities will be significantly enhanced. Other than that, ARTHNU still has no use.
this room is a secret, so not much is known about it at all. We do know that it is huge and is most likely located in the lower northeast corner that has no staircases or hallways.
made of gold. Everything in it is made of gold. It’s mostly useless except for how it’s worth more than $googol. Some of these are sold to gods for money.
this room kinda sus
this room has nothing in it except for a ton of computers that all can only play The Henry Stickmin Collection. The room is decorated with Henry stickmin-related stuff.
idk
views security cameras set up all around the Universe and some slightly outside the borders, surveying the multiverse for potential threats. The security is so bad, though, as it’s black and white and cannot collect sound, and it’s FoV is terrible. It’s not even a hexagon! Hexagons are the bestagons! So why aren’t they hexagons!?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=thOifuHs6eY
a very scary room full of screaming. It’s extremely scary. People get heart attacks when they enter because it’s so scary.
another thing about the Universal Hubworld, or the UH, is that it’s staff are pretty dumb. They can’t solve something even if it’s just a simple calculus. Bongus made the idea for the UH, but it was executed by lesser creatures, so it was very poorly executed.