WHAT!?
—
Sarp1
The
Allsphere
is like a atom of a atom to Unlimited Prism
The Infinitus Prismatis! a chaotic array of allspheres combined into one!
Infinitus Prismatis
It is the Absolute Meta-Existence—the pre-conceptual ground from which all modalities of being and non-being radiate. Realms of the imagined and the unimagined, the fictional and the ineffable, are mere flickers in its pre-ontological silence. The fusion of all cosmologies, no matter how infinite, forms not even a ripple in the stillness of its eternal essence. It is not vast—it is the origin of vastness, the breath before breath, the thought before thought.""It is the Set that contains not just all sets, but the very idea of 'containment' itself. All prefixes, suffixes, meanings, gibberish, and phonetic potentials—every triadic utterance that ever could be, even in the dreams of alphabets unborn—reside within its eternal recursion. It is not defined by language or logic; language and logic are shadows cast by its presence in the metaphysical void beyond voids. Or something like that
Scale
Size
ITS BEYOND ITS OWN MEANING AT THIS POINT
EUSI
...
Finality Index
Ended
FOEI
Ended
Dimensionality
Dimensions don't even effect it
Kardashev Scale
?!
Properties
Temperature
Y E S
Class
BEYOND CLASSES, ALREADY CONTAINS EVERY EXISTENT OR NON EXISTENT OR DREAMUMXISTENT HIERARCHY
Life Percentage
yes
Shape
a chaotic array of unfixed points, Actual True Infinity doesn't have form, form is finite
Density (Void Percentage)
No density needed
Position
Contained by:
The True Allsphere
Contains:
THE UNLIMITED ENDLESS CARDINALITY-ORDINALITY AMOUNT OF ALLSPHERES AND APERIOFINITIES
Technically this image is kinda inaccurate since UnlimitedPrism would be a chaotic array of unfixed points and such shaking in unlimited rainbows beyond the spectrum
It contains every version of "everything" you can or can't imagine, doesn't really matter if no one in all E X I S T E N C E thought about it, Infinitus Prismatis still contains it regardless, if you're wondering about the image, it's basically a bunch of unfixed points in a chaotic array that creates a spherical effect, it radiates colors which already expand its "doesn't need to be expanded" scale or something, even if you call it scale, it's beyond scaling, any systems of existing information, even non existent information or anything in-between, "doesn't the allsphere like contain everything"? Yes that's true but Infinitus Prismatis contains way more absolutions of any combination of any combination of all arrangements of a certain amount of letters of any thing at all, even the category of "thing" is in it which is probably not done before, Btw Remember the Absolutions thing? Well Infinitus Prismatis contains all absolutions of absolutions (said a infinite amount of times infinitely every 0 seconds) which is a Super Absolution and Infinitus Prismatis contains a infinite amount of those SAs, and this can't even be described in any language like ever, doesn't matter if the language was never been anything, that language still can't describe Infinitus Prismatis, No Negative or Positive Integers (or imaginative or real) can even contain Infinitus Prismatis, they're in one of the many Allsphere-Lines that shift, and Infinitus Prismatis Contains so many ALs that it's impossible to even say how many ALs are in Infinitus Prismatis, anyways I'm setting it around this point, thanks for coming to my Ted talk