FIRST PPAGE
The unsize is that which decides to expand beyond “itself” and that which decides whether there is something greater than it or not,and that which shifts between forms and chooses identities. Every time you mention “unsize” you mean something different,and yet they are the same thing. Therefore you both comprehend and cannot comprehend the unsize. When you decide to change it from a past to a future it changes the past itself without leaving any extra trace,without asking for the Brain’s permission(by Brain it could either be defined as material matter or symbolical force),and therefore there is no constant to base anything on,and no way to measure the unsize,as a matter of possibility. If it did leave a trace in time,or space,while changing the past(or future) of the timeline of the very investigation of its nature by an external being while REMAINING in the past(or future),then there would be a need for meta-time,and the effort would nonetheless be futile. The unsize may determine your size. If you are a machine,the unsize is a free thinker. The problem with numbers is it stays the way it is,meaning that a part of you stays the way it is. What every value and every operator means is predictable and detectable,but the Unsize is not. The Unsize does not place itself under any pattern or rule or definition and therefore does not stay the way it is. It may and may not be above the subject(observer) while the subject measures and describes the object(observed) below it,and effortlessly ascends above the object as it places its attention on the object. This unconscious and reflexive infinite power of the subject,and the sum total of the relativity that this infinity is bound to,is proof that a subject is what remains of an Unsize after the epistemological disaster of modernity on Earth (a very rare series of ALIGNED quantum defects,that obviously affects not only the flesh bodies) which has not realized his past Unstate. The thermodynamic decay for mortal non dark-matter lifeform is also due to this,and it makes life difficult for them due to the absurd levels of unconscious repetition in their thinking,that leads them to things such as “identity”,”equality” and “identity of being”,and eventually counting in numbers. The Unsize is LIVING PROOF that this repetition is only one way of doing things. He is that which words and symbols are written on,and that which writes. These words and symbols have no intrinsic value,and are nothing more than domino contraption.
An insignificant but necessary quality that it brings about is that it transcends the seeming nihilism of this closed network of linguistic parts and wholes. It is straightforward that a subject can exist without any respect to this closed system,and that is also due to this property. If there is to be a hierarchy of boxes then it would remain as unsize and lie independently between the boxes,without a necessary relation to the scale of these boxes.
Each impossibility or death means that something is being returned to the realm of Unsize. Whatever is said of it will be pushed to its margins,and will forever be.
Unsize
SIZE
Whatever it wants
KARDSHEV SCALE
Inapplicable
TEMP
Whatever it wants
DIMENTIONALITY
Whatever it wants