Void Cat
The only picture of the Void Cat ever taken, taken by entities in the 4th
Realm
.
Power
Can erase any proof of it's existence and any papers, digital files, or pieces of entity memory about him.
Goals
To remain unknown and protect
Gift Cat
Species
"Cat"
A drawing of the two cats together.
We don't know much about it. Documents on it going missing. Digital files on it being corrupted beyond recognition. We can't remember what they said, making it even harder to reconstruct them.
It may be guarding something, but we don't know much more about what it's guarding either.
We've seen bodies covErED w_TH b^@CK M&^% %
[DATA COULD NOT BE READ]
you're on thin ice buddy
The Void Cat is a very mysterious entity that dwells in the voids of the 2nd
Realm
and is one of the two 2nd-Realm Cats. He seems to be a cat made of a black mist that seems to be the darkest black possible, darker than any known material. Very few entities were able to hold information about the Void Cat for long periods of time, as the Void Cat himself can erase study on it, from documents to computer memory to the memory of sentient entities. This behavior has led to the theory that the Void Cat dislikes being known about, and wants to keep his identity hidden. He is protective of his slightly more known sister the
Gift Cat
, and will NOT be okay with her being trapped or hurt.
Entities have thought of using the Gift Cat's gift of the Book of Sight and write down "Void Cat" in it to hopefully find an image of the Void Cat. This has not worked however due to a strange symbol replacing the images. This symbol is 6 line segments placed in a way that resembles cat whiskers. This is not very useful information on the pre-
Wikiversal
level, as he can simply erase connections of the symbol to the duo. However, on the Wikiversal level, he cannot affect pageverses.
or can it?
This allows connections of the symbol to the duo to be stored in pageverses. The symbol further backs up that the duo is indeed 2 cats.
Almost all images of him have been corrupted and the Void Cat has strangely been edited out of most. The Void Cat is the much more powerful and unknown brother of the Gift Cat. Void Cat has also made
The Cathouse
to keep his sister safe while she sleeps. (don't make the cathouse i'm gonna make it not you)
Times the Void Cat attacked
[
]
These times are only when the Gift Cat has been captured and/or hurt, and other times the Void Cat is pretty chill. He however still dislikes being seen and will teleport away and make the observer forget him.
8456 OYC
[
]
When the Gift Cat was captured using technology that prevents teleportation, they planned on exploiting her for gifts that would be beneficial to the civilization. After a few minutes however, the Void Cat appeared and broke the Gift Cat out. She then watched as Void Cat
ripped the souls of the entities out and swallowed the entities and their souls whole while making loud hissing sounds.
They then had some premium cat food.
10326 OYC
[
]
Gift Cat was sleeping with Void Cat when a
Yetmmud
decided to perform a ███ on them. Gift Cat became severely injured and couldn't teleport away. Void Cat woke up and started hissing at the Yetmmud. When the Yetmmud wouldn't budge, Void Cat started swiping and then pounced at the Yetmmud. They fought for an entire OYC and then the Yetmmud fled. Gift Cat has since recovered.
"where's our gift"
"oh gift cat got attacked by a yetmmud"
"bruh"