Yee book 2verse
Natural Position
Contained by
Yee farmverse
Contains
Yee bookverse
Scale
Dimensionality
5003D
Diameter
10 ly
The Yee book2verse is like the
Yee bookverse
, but it is larger. This one only contains one Yee bookverse, but there is a ton of space that is filled up with
Galaxy Filament
.
This one is blue, and it has an almost impenetrable verse border. For this reason, scientists have termed it a "pseudo-
Lockverse
".
When the Yee bookverse was created in 2 OYC, it was initially directly contained by the Yee farmverse. However, a massive amount of Glitchonicite, estimated to be over 20,000 kilograms, was introduced into the Yee book 2verse in 6 OYC. This caused the Yee book 2verse to slowly form around the Yee bookverse. Soon it was realized that the Yee book 2verse would prevent the inhabitants of the Yee bookverse from easily reaching other verses. As a result, many civilizations tried to escape outside the Yee book 2verse. After 3 OYC, the Yee book 2verse had finished forming, and the remaining civilizations that didn't make it out in time were, and are still, trapped inside.
When the Yee book 2verse was forming, massive galaxy filaments spanning hundreds of millions of LY but fitting in a space of around 5 light-years wide began to appear near the Yee bookverse. At this point, the Yee book 2verse had become non-Euclidean.
In the following OYC, the Waffle of the Large Verse Unification Service came over and set up a large library. It was considered very prestigious to get a book in that library, and many individuals came to the library to find the new arrivals. Unfortunately, this library's standards unfortunately started becoming more and more inconsiderate according to critics, and the only criteria required to get a book in the library was for it to be more than 15,000 pages long. This resulted in many well-received books being removed from the library and many low-quality repetitive ones taking their place. Eventually, this library became abandoned as fewer and fewer people visited it due to its arbitrary threshold for acceptance of literature, and it was never maintained again. It is now merely a relic of what it used to be, being in poor condition in many places and with a large portion of its once beloved books lost due to the lack of preservation.