Yyoy
A seemingly normal sphere. It does not do much.
Rules over
Nothing, I guess.
Age
We do not know.
Size
Diameter is 0.4 meters
Knowledge
We do not know.
Power
Once again we do not know.
Species
A sphere, that was scribbled on...
A scribbled sphere! Sooie! Our starting price is: 20 CHOCCYS FOR ONE SCRIBBLED SPHERE!
Yyoy used to be a sphere that is sentient. Now it is three shape-shifting objects that share a unified sentience. It has a blue outline and looks like it was scribbled on. Sometimes it develops new abilities and does stuff. It used to be a completely ordinary sphere, but some
Transcendent Omni-God
decided to make it sentient. We do not know why a TOG decided to make it sentient, and we do not know exactly who made it sentient. We just know that it is sentient and can develop new abilities.
Events
[
]
Please, please don't give it too much or it will become self aware. Please don't. How about you don't give it anything at all? If we gave it stuff then it'll turn into Bob 2: Electric Boogaloo.
Time (in OYC)
Event
Unknown
YYoy appears for 1
Voidsecond
and then disappears. It then appears again after 1 second but does not disappear.
Wikiversal
Event
A TOG makes the sphere sentient. It can now think, but the sphere cannot output any physical changes or take in an input yet. It does not know anything in this state, but still has sentience anyways.
-74
Yyoy develops the ability to take in an input. Some entities try to bully Yyoy but Yyoy still does not know what insults mean. It learns a small amount.
-4
Yyoy emits a strange noise, sounding like a combination of static, a guitar, and a voice trying to say "WEL T YYOY C, GOK." This is what Yyoy was named after.
1
Yyoy increases in temperature. A lot. At this point it must be contained, and that's exactly what some entities did.
23
Yyoy starts levitating and rotating. It has also developed the ability to change shape.
24
Yyoy starts banging against the walls for containment and breaks out. It mysteriously flies off.
26
Yyoy decides to eat something using shape shifting abilities. It has increased in size. It is now 0.4 meters in diameter.
181
Yyoy replicates. We do not know how it replicated but it did. It is now 2 spheres that share a unified sentience. Yyoy is now defined to be the collection of all these spheres.
182
It replicated again. It really likes to replicate I guess.
183
They started simultaneously changing shape and emitting noises. This might be Yyoy learning how to multitask.
185
They're changing color. This can't be good. There's no way this is good.