Zerath
Filler
Kind of life
Animals, Mutants, and Monsters.
Diameter
13,853 KM
Zerath
is the name for an
Earth
-like
planet
that is located in the
Astro-Galaxy
. It is mostly made out of
continent
-sized islands, and all
lifeforms
here consist of either "normal"
animals
(including
humans
) or monsters.
Zerath was also the home-world for a being known as Bob, the defender of everything. He started from fighting bandits, to fighting cursed monsters, and then slaying
gods
.
History
[
]
500 Million years ago, there was a sage who’s name was unknown, so everyone referred him to “The Grand Sage”. The sage used to spend millions of years slaying Eldritch horrors and trying to defeat his greatest enemy, Aramus, the king of titans. The Sage was going after Amarus to steal back a red crystal, which is what gave him most of his power. After many battles with Amarus, the sage had gaven up and decided to create an empire, The Grand Sage travelled to universe very far away, but Aramus was still going after the sage.
The Sage arrived in the
galaxy
known as “Astro-Galaxy” and created Zerath in it. When he first created this planet, its surface was mostly ocean and most of land all resided in a super-continent. Once the sage was about to create life, Aramus had found the sage and blasted him but missed, the sage noticed that Amarus was there and got surprised, and they both fought. The battle was destroying everything till the sage almost killed Amarus. Out of rage, Amarus used all the energy in his crystal and launched an attack that split the supercontinent into 7 continents, and also killing the sage.
Due to how weakened Amarus was, he collapsed and went into a coma that lasted hundreds of millions of years.
Large Number BC
After the blast, the crystals were broken into 7 pieces and each piece landed in each one of the continents. Most of life resided in the oceans, and then yeah yeah evolution stuff, from fish to slugs, and slugs to other animals, and those animals to monkeys and monkeys to humans, but when the shards were destroyed it emitted a radiation that caused some animals to evolve into a very hostile monster, and then was the rise of monsters.. and humans..
At first, everyone lived in the 1st continent, 4% of humans lived in the 2nd continent. As of this moment humans were in the Stone Age, meaning that everyone was hostile. Most of the time there was conflict with monsters, but this was millions of years ago, monsters were far weaker then what they are now. Fast forward Bronze Age, it was wars with monsters, humans lost very badly and starting living on top of mountains. Fast forward again, Iron Age, humans are advancing, and are much stronger. Major empires, Egypt, Romans, and the Assyrians teamed up to kill all monsters in the 1st Continent, they did successfully, but at the cost of hundreds of thousands lives, the war was the reason why there are barely any monsters in the 1st continent anymore.
Fast forward, the Middle Ages, humans have now conquered the 1st continent, and have set on a journey to find more land, in
1482 AD
, John man went on a voyage and discovered the 2nd continent, and the 3rd continent, and also the 4th continent. Many empires were eager to conquer the discovered continents but realized that the 2nd continent was already conquered, by wizards, and that the 3rd continent was conquered aswell, by the Renians. But the 4th continent was empty, and so every empire fought to conquer it, but then they found out that it was infested with mutants, so at the end, nobody did anything. The empires decided to just stay since the population of the other continents had their own problems to deal with.
1,566 AD
A group of miners were just having a normal day mining iron at a cave in the some forest, till they found some sort of body, a humongous body, the miners thought they had struck the body of a god, so the miners got help from others to excavate, after 2 years they finished digging, and what they found was a humongous body, and it belonged to.. Amarus.
After they had discovered Amarus’s body, Amarus woke up from his coma and everything around him melted, then Amarus went on a rampage destroying cities and burning many forests, Amarus created an army and destroyed many empires. Skai, the strongest warrior fought Amarus and destroyed his entire army easily, and Amarus got killed by Skai and chained his Corpse somewhere in the core of Zerath.
1,700 AD
All four continents are populated, but since all the monsters ruining everything, many continents were decades apart from each other technology-wise. The 1st continent was already in its industrial era, the 2nd continent was pretty advanced too, but the third continent was still in its medieval era, and the 4th continent was even more behind.
A couple of years later, some guy discovered the 5th continent. edit
1789 AD
Technology is advancing so fast in the 1st continent that it’s on par with our technology, and it’s over 100 years ahead than all other 5 continents. The government of the 1st continent then started helping the other continents advanced, they sent hundreds of technicians and engineers to the other continents.
Since how behind the third continent is, they sent their most advanced engineer, Dr. Mechanicus. He started building robots who protect, build, and mine. After seven years, the third continent was a mixture of medieval and the future.
1821 AD
The 6th continent was discovered, and so was the 7th continent, but it was inhabitable due to all the dark pollution, many travelers who went there never came back. The adventurers that did come back have told that there is a 1 kilometer high tower, and at the top is a massive tornado made out of energy, knights from the 5th continent travelled there to investigate but all of them have been found dead. For now, there is no human life in the 7th continent.
1849
AD
1849 was the year Bob started being trained by a
type of god that nobody knows about
, to become the defender of their
Omniverse
and beyond.
1856 AD
The problem from the 7th continent is becoming far worse, the dark pollution has started reaching the 6th continent, causing many people to suffocate. It was later discovered that it was a sorcerer created by Amarus after he was awoken, who flew all the way to the 7th continent to try and revive Amarus, and is also planning to cause destruction all over the planet.
1860 AD
After 11 years of training, Bob was strong enough to kill the sorcerer that resided in the 7th continent, unfortunately Bob arrived too late and the sorcerer revived Amarus, well kind of. The fight causes many earthquakes and volcanoes erupt across the earth, and then at the end was a massive radioactive shockwave that travelled all over Zerath four times, causing many things to turn into mutants, and also forming many islands.
1866 AD
After 17 years protecting the earth, Bob become strong enough to protect other
civilizations
outside the solar-system at once.
1955.282 AD
Skai and his crew go on a voyage to find any more undiscovered land, after two months of traveling they discover an island larger than Hawaii, and they claim the island. After living on the island for six months, skai discovered many magical creatures on the island, like zombies, skeletons, ghouls, souls and groups of dark beings on the island, he names the island “Legio Island”.
I am excited to announce that I’m gonna finish this page in 14/8/2025.